On Thursday , September 15 , 2011 , more than 500 people from Hongxiao Village protested over the large-scale death of fish in a nearby river .
The Tethys Seaway continued to shrink and then disappeared as Africa collided with Eurasia in the Turkish-Arabian region between 19 and 12 Ma ( ICS 2004 ) .
Below the province were prefectures ( 府 , fu ) operating under a prefect ( 知府 , zhīfǔ ) , followed by subprefectures under a subprefect .
Both documents were discovered as part of the microfilmed records in August 1945 by the State Department employee Wendell B. Blancke , head of a special unit called `` Exploitation German Archives '' ( EGA ) .
The paper then backed the Conservatives solidly until 1997 , when it declined to make any party endorsement but supported individual ( primarily Eurosceptic ) candidates .
Pesticides can be classified by target organism ( e.g. , herbicides , insecticides , fungicides , rodenticides , and pediculicides - see table ) , chemical structure ( e.g. , organic , inorganic , synthetic , or biological ( biopesticide ) , although the distinction can sometimes blur ) , and physical state ( e.g .
Shifting public expectations , advances in digital technology , and the increasing reach of the Internet have led to such widespread , anonymous infringement that copyright-dependent industries now focus less on pursuing individuals who seek and share copyright-protected content online , and more on expanding copyright law to recognize and penalize – as `` indirect '' infringers – the service providers and software distributors which are said to facilitate and encourage individual acts of infringement by others .
For example , there were lower madaris and specialised ones , and for one to get into the specialised area meant that he had to complete the classes in the lower one in order to adequately prepare himself for higher learning .
Other , prominent Motor City R & B stars in the 1950s and early 1960s was Nolan Strong , Andre Williams and Nathaniel Mayer – who all scored local and national hits on the Fortune Records label .
The region of Kiev dominated the state of Kievan Rus ' for the next two centuries .
In the framework of the Kurgan hypothesis , `` the Indo-Europeans who remained after the migrations [ from the steppe ] became speakers of Balto-Slavic '' .
In 1940 , Imperial Japan signed the Tripartite Pact with Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy .
Upon landing in San Diego Bay in 1542 , Juan Rodríguez Cabrillo claimed the entire area for Spain , forming the basis for the settlement of Alta California 200 years later .
Storage is the second memory stage or process .
The Late Cretaceous spans from 100 million to 65 million years ago .
As part of this theory , Gaddafi praised nationalism as a progressive force and advocated the creation of a pan-Arab state which would lead the Islamic and Third Worlds against imperialism .
That run died when Preston Wilson hit a three run walk off homer off of closer Tom `` Flash '' Gordon , which halted the team 's momentum .
However , these theorems assume that general relativity is correct , but general relativity must break down before the universe reaches the Planck temperature , and a correct treatment of quantum gravity may avoid the singularity .
Malnutrition refers to insufficient , excessive , or imbalanced consumption of nutrients by an organism .
These motors were originally invented to drive the capstan ( s ) of magnetic tape drives in the burgeoning computer industry , where minimal time to reach operating speed and minimal stopping distance were critical .
A general election was held in the South on 10 May 1948 .
Attempts by some of the Greek city-states of Asia Minor to overthrow Persian rule failed , and Persia invaded the states of mainland Greece in 492 BC , but was forced to withdraw after a defeat at the Battle of Marathon in 490 BC .
Soviet foreign minister Molotov made proposals to have Germany reunified and elections for a pan-German government , under conditions of withdrawal of the four powers armies and German neutrality , but all were refused by the other foreign ministers , Dulles ( USA ) , Eden ( UK ) and Bidault ( France ) .
A study from 1993 found , among other things , that `` unlike in primary schools where gender disparity is enormous , around 40 per cent of Qur'anic school pupils are girls ; but the teaching staff have minimum or no qualification necessary to ensure intellectual development of children . ''
On 16 March 2012 , 52 Greenpeace activists from five different countries boarded Fennica and Nordica , multipurpose icebreakers chartered to support Shell 's drilling rigs near Alaska .
These connections marked the beginning of the Silk Road trade network that extended to the Roman Empire , bringing Han items like silk to Rome and Roman goods such as glasswares to China .
Meanwhile , the French had re-invented Adoption as an all-female lodge in 1901 , only to cast it aside again in 1935 .
Florida is served by two additional Amtrak trains ( the Silver Star and the Silver Meteor ) , which operate between New York City and Miami .
North Korea held parliamentary elections three months later on 25 August .
Some sources suggest they named the settlement `` Ziz . ''
These sophisticated forms of social cognition and communication may account for their trainability , playfulness , and ability to fit into human households and social situations , and these attributes have given dogs a relationship with humans that has enabled them to become one of the most successful species on the planet today .
In 2014 , the FAA changed a long-standing approach to air traffic control candidates that eliminated preferences based on training and experience at flight schools in favor of a personality test open to anyone irrespective of experience .
In 2005 , three out of five Manhattan residents were college graduates , and one out of four had a postgraduate degree , forming one of the highest concentrations of highly educated people in any American city .
Alaska has few road connections compared to the rest of the U.S .
An AC circuit will experience 100 % voltage reversal , while under-damped DC circuits will experience less than 100 % .
Maria Deraismes was initiated into Freemasonry in 1882 , then resigned to allow her lodge to rejoin their Grand Lodge .
BMW released the first iPod automobile interface , allowing drivers of newer BMW vehicles to control an iPod using either the built-in steering wheel controls or the radio head-unit buttons .
Although some were allowed back into France , most were not , and many Jews emigrated eastwards , settling in Poland and Hungary .
Greece 's post-compulsory secondary education consists of two school types : unified upper secondary schools ( Γενικό Λύκειο , Genikό Lykeiό ) and technical–vocational educational schools ( Τεχνικά και Επαγγελματικά Εκπαιδευτήρια , `` TEE '' ) .
In theory , these trains could enjoy dramatic savings through electrification , but it can be too costly to extend electrification to isolated areas , and unless an entire network is electrified , companies often find that they need to continue use of diesel trains even if sections are electrified .
Such action is viewed as monetisation and can be seen as an inflationary threat , whereby the strong member countries of the ECB shoulder the burden of monetary expansion ( and potential inflation ) to save the weak member countries .
The Duke and Duchess of Kent 's only child , Victoria , was born at 4.15 a.m. on 24 May 1819 at Kensington Palace in London .
Birds have various adaptations for flight , including a lightweight skeleton , two large flight muscles , the pectoralis ( which accounts for 15 % of the total mass of the bird ) and the supracoracoideus , as well as a modified forelimb ( wing ) that serves as an aerofoil .
The conflict with the Ottoman Empire also presented a religious issue of importance , as Russia saw itself as the protector of Orthodox Christians , many of whom lived under Ottoman control and were treated as second-class citizens .
They 've been moved increasingly further apart , allowing gymnasts to perform swinging , circling , transitional , and release moves , that may pass over , under , and between the two bars .
While some critics , such as AllMusic 's Stephen Thomas Erlewine , have employed the term `` post-punk '' to denote `` a more adventurous and arty form of punk '' , others have suggested it pertains to a set of artistic sensibilities and approaches rather than any unifying style .
Phonograph records are generally described by their diameter in inches ( 12 '' , 10 '' , 7 '' ) , the rotational speed in rpm at which they are played ( 16 2⁄3 , 33 1⁄3 , 45 , 78 ) , and their time capacity resulting from a combination of those parameters ( LP – long playing 33 1⁄3 rpm , SP – 78 rpm single , EP – 12-inch single or extended play , 33 or 45 rpm ) ; their reproductive quality or level of fidelity ( high-fidelity , orthophonic , full-range , etc .
The problem with the economy is the loss of close to $ 6 trillion in housing wealth and an even larger amount of stock wealth .
The term `` classical music '' did not appear until the early 19th century , in an attempt to distinctly canonize the period from Johann Sebastian Bach to Beethoven as a golden age .
In June 1849 his sister Ludwika came to Paris with her husband and daughter , and in September , supported by a loan from Jane Stirling , he took an apartment at Place Vendôme 12 .
Symptoms are usually worse at night and in the early morning or in response to exercise or cold air .
The Jordan River runs along the Jordan Rift Valley , from Mount Hermon through the Hulah Valley and the Sea of Galilee to the Dead Sea , the lowest point on the surface of the Earth .
Approximately one-third of East Prussia 's population died in the plague and famine of 1709–1711 , including the last speakers of Old Prussian .
There is also a privately owned cemetery on the outskirts of the city , Drake Memorial Park which does not allow headstones to mark graves , but a brass plaque set into the ground .
Provocatio was a primordial form of due process .
Clarkson was not initially thought of as a contender , but impressed the judges with some good performances in the final rounds , such as her performance of Aretha Franklin 's `` Natural Woman '' , and Betty Hutton 's `` Stuff Like That There '' , and eventually won the crown on September 4 , 2002 .
The rupture lasted close to 120 sec , with the majority of energy released in the first 80 sec .
John , the youngest of five sons of King Henry II of England and Eleanor of Aquitaine , was at first not expected to inherit significant lands .
The shuttered Palace Theatre ( opposite the Shubert Theatre ) is being renovated and will reopen as the College Street Music Hall in May , 2015 .
There are over three thousand islands along the rugged coastline of Zhejiang .
Because too many artists were posing as Native Americans and Alaska Natives in order to profit from the caché of Indigenous art in the United States , the U.S. passed the Indian Arts and Crafts Act of 1990 , requiring artists to prove that they are enrolled in a state or federally recognized tribe .
Extensive measures must be employed to extract the metal from its ore. High-grade ores found in Athabasca Basin deposits in Saskatchewan , Canada can contain up to 23 % uranium oxides on average .
China Unicom 's service in Wenchuan and four nearby counties was cut off , with more than 700 towers suspended .
John 's only remaining possession on the Continent was now the Duchy of Aquitaine .
Among the most famous of these bird artists was John James Audubon , whose paintings of North American birds were a great commercial success in Europe and who later lent his name to the National Audubon Society .
Windows RT , the only edition of Windows 8 for systems with ARM processors , only supports applications included with the system ( such as a special version of Office 2013 ) , supplied through Windows Update , or Windows Store apps , to ensure that the system only runs applications that are optimized for the architecture .
In general , avian influenza is a disease of birds caused by bird-specific influenza A virus that is not normally transferred to people ; however , people in contact with live poultry are at the greatest risk of becoming infected with the virus and this is of particular concern in areas such as Southeast Asia , where the disease is endemic in the wild bird population and domestic poultry can become infected .
The Government of Guam maintains the island 's main health care facility , Guam Memorial Hospital , in Tamuning .
In the twentieth century it became an organized event held during the 10 days preceding Lent ( according to the Greek Orthodox calendar ) .
Birds that use the sun compensate for the changing position of the sun during the day by the use of an internal clock .
The Empire built another line of defense at the north border ( the so-called Donau-Iller-Rhine-Limes ) , but at the end of the fourth century the increased Germanic pressure forced the Romans to abandon the linear defence concept , and the Swiss plateau was finally open to the settlement of German tribes .
A similarly comprehensive study of over-the-counter products began ten years later .
The city has several federal facilities , including the John F. Kennedy Federal Office Building , the Thomas P. O'Neill Federal Building , the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit , the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts , and the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston .
A situated perspective on emotion , developed by Paul E. Griffiths and Andrea Scarantino , emphasizes the importance of external factors in the development and communication of emotion , drawing upon the situationism approach in psychology .
In 1960 , the entire population was about 15,000 .
He released the album exclusively on Tidal on 14 February 2016 following a performance on SNL .
The abbot and monks , in proximity to the royal Palace of Westminster , the seat of government from the later 12th century , became a powerful force in the centuries after the Norman Conquest .
Then came the semantic theory of truth formulated by the logician Alfred Tarski and published in 1933 .
Phuture , a group founded by Nathan `` DJ Pierre '' Jones , Earl `` Spanky '' Smith Jr. , and Herbert `` Herb J '' Jackson , is credited with having been the first to use the TB-303 in the house music context .
This is perhaps no more apparent than in the country 's Amazonian regions where indigenous societies continue to struggle against state-sponsored economic abuses , cultural discrimination , and pervasive violence .
Unlike all other large planetary moons in the Solar System , Triton has a retrograde orbit , indicating that it was captured rather than forming in place ; it was probably once a dwarf planet in the Kuiper belt .
In the UK , Italy and Australia which share the PAL A region , two versions of the NES were released ; the `` Mattel Version '' and `` NES Version '' .
The actions culminated with the attack of the Gauleiter Robert Wagner , the highest commander of Alsace directly under the order of Hitler .
Tourists have contributed to the economy by supporting local lodging .
In 1927 they invited one of America 's only Whitehead experts – Henry Nelson Wieman – to Chicago to give a lecture explaining Whitehead 's thought .
In many incarnations , Digimon are raised by humans called `` Digidestined '' or `` Tamers '' , and they team up to defeat evil Digimon and human villains who are trying to destroy the fabric of the Digital world .
Opera debuted in 1996 ; it has never achieved widespread use , having less than 2 % browser usage share as of February 2012 according to Net Applications .
It was then set along the 103rd Meridian .
In December 2009 , the Federal District became the first city in Latin America , and one of very few in the world , to legalize same-sex marriage .
At the time in which Vasari was writing , Italy had experienced a century of building in the Classical architectural vocabulary revived in the Renaissance and seen as evidence of a new Golden Age of learning and refinement .
New Haven lies in the transition between a humid continental climate ( Köppen climate classification : Dfa ) and humid subtropical climate ( Köppen Cfa ) , but having more characteristics of the former , as is typical of much of the New York metropolitan area .
Incubation , which optimises temperature for chick development , usually begins after the last egg has been laid .
The crest was accompanied by the club motto , `` Nil Satis Nisi Optimum '' , meaning `` Nothing but the best is good enough '' .
[ citation needed ] Relations with Russia have improved significantly following Mohamed Morsi 's removal and both countries have worked since then to strengthen military and trade ties among other aspects of bilateral co-operation .
The chaparral and coastal sage scrub habitats in low elevations along the coast are prone to wildfire , and the rates of fire have increased in the 20th century , due primarily to fires starting near the borders of urban and wild areas .
Equally , those able to do so may manipulate statistics to inflate the number of beneficiaries and siphon off additional assistance .
In 1931 , RCA Victor introduced their vinyl-based Victrolac compound as a material for some unusual-format and special-purpose records .
On January 18 , 2007 , FUNAI reported that it had confirmed the presence of 67 different uncontacted tribes in Brazil , up from 40 in 2005 .
on both clothing and footwear , and have most prominently resulted in the Yeezy Season collaboration with Adidas beginning in 2013 .
Despite their collective name , not all woodwind instruments are made entirely of wood .
Isolated and facing a bleak prospect of invasion from the west if the war continued , Russia sued for peace in March 1856 .
In the Presidential primary elections of February 5 , 2008 , Sen. Clinton won 61.2 % of the Bronx 's 148,636 Democratic votes against 37.8 % for Barack Obama and 1.0 % for the other four candidates combined ( John Edwards , Dennis Kucinich , Bill Richardson and Joe Biden ) .
In the same year , the city ranked second on the annual Fortune 500 list of company headquarters , first for Forbes magazine 's Best Cities for College Graduates , and first on their list of Best Cities to Buy a Home .
The control unit ( often called a control system or central controller ) manages the computer 's various components ; it reads and interprets ( decodes ) the program instructions , transforming them into control signals that activate other parts of the computer .
Victoria and Albert attended the opening of a new basin at the French military port of Cherbourg on 5 August 1858 , in an attempt by Napoleon III to reassure Britain that his military preparations were directed elsewhere .
In 2011 , Spielberg launched Falling Skies , a science fiction television series , on the TNT network .
Saint Valentine , a Roman Catholic Bishop or priest who was martyred in about 296 AD , seems to have had no known connection with romantic love , but the day of his martyrdom on the Roman Catholic calendar , Saint Valentine 's Day ( February 14 ) , became , in the 14th century , an occasion for lovers to send messages to each other .
With the gradual weakening of the Marathas in the aftermath of the three Anglo-Maratha wars , the British also secured the Ganges-Jumna Doab , the Delhi-Agra region , parts of Bundelkhand , Broach , some districts of Gujarat , the fort of Ahmmadnagar , province of Cuttack ( which included Mughalbandi/the coastal part of Odisha , Garjat/the princely states of Odisha , Balasore Port , parts of Midnapore district of West Bengal ) , Bombay ( Mumbai ) and the surrounding areas , leading to a formal end of the Maratha empire and firm establishment of the British East India Company in India .
Also in the late 17th century , some discrete Gothic details appeared on new construction at Oxford University and Cambridge University , notably on Tom Tower at Christ Church , Oxford , by Christopher Wren .
Such a player will happily play the analog audio tracks verbatim , resulting in garbage ( static ) output in the right channel .
Although the patent described several ways of creating the carbon filament including using `` cotton and linen thread , wood splints , papers coiled in various ways , '' Edison and his team later discovered that a carbonized bamboo filament could last more than 1200 hours .
He devoted himself to anapanasati meditation , through which he discovered what Buddhists call the Middle Way ( Skt .
Apple introduced a new 8-pin dock connector , named Lightning , on September 12 , 2012 with their announcement of the iPhone 5 , the fifth generation iPod Touch , and the seventh generation iPod Nano , which all feature it .
The Taliban regrouped in western Pakistan and began to unleash an insurgent-style offensive against Coalition forces in late 2002 .
Early house music commercial success in Europe saw songs such as `` Pump Up The Volume '' by MARRS ( 1987 ) , `` House Nation '' by House Master Boyz and the Rude Boy of House ( 1987 ) , `` Theme from S'Express '' by S'Express ( 1988 ) and `` Doctorin ' the House '' by Coldcut ( 1988 ) in the pop charts .
The airport records an average of 7 days of hail and 11 days of snow or sleet a year ; though it only records lying snow for 2 days of the year .
In the second instance , Dell offered its Latitude E4300 notebook at NT $ 18,558 ( US $ 580 ) , 70 % lower than usual price of NT $ 60,900 ( US $ 1900 ) .
Napoleon III , since the Crimean War Britain 's closest ally , visited London in April 1855 , and from 17 to 28 August the same year Victoria and Albert returned the visit .
Professional anthropological bodies often object to the use of anthropology for the benefit of the state .
During the general election of 1983 The Sun ran a front page featuring an unflattering photograph of Michael Foot , then aged almost 70 , claiming he was unfit to be Prime Minister on grounds of his age , appearance and policies , alongside the headline `` Do You Really Want This Old Fool To Run Britain ? ''
Service industries are dominating , accounting for about 60 percent of the GDP of the city , and financial industry , culture industry and tourism industry are top 3 of them .
Infrared astronomy uses sensor-equipped telescopes to penetrate dusty regions of space , such as molecular clouds ; detect objects such as planets , and to view highly red-shifted objects from the early days of the universe .
Tito was the chief architect of the second Yugoslavia , a socialist federation that lasted from 1943 to 1991–92 .
Roads that are considered primary roads are those that are fully asphalted ( throughout their entire length ) and in general they carry traffic between all the major towns in Eritrea .
In the field of music , Germany claims some of the most renowned classical composers of the world including Bach , Mozart and Beethoven , who marked the transition between the Classical and Romantic eras in Western classical music .
An Orthodox church—Trinity Church , opened in 2004 at the Russian Bellingshausen Station—is manned year-round by one or two priests , who are similarly rotated every year .
The major languages are Nepali and Nepal Bhasa , while English is understood by many , particularly in the service industry .
Hunting is still vital in marginal climates , especially those unsuited for pastoral uses or agriculture .
Its mosaic floor depicts King David as Orpheus , identified by his name in Hebrew letters .
In all other branches , NCO status is generally achieved at the pay grade of E-4 ( e.g. , a Corporal in the Army and Marine Corps , Petty Officer Third Class in the Navy and Coast Guard ) .
Agricultural protectionism—a rare exception to Switzerland 's free trade policies—has contributed to high food prices .
Species that have no long-distance migratory relatives , such as the waxwings Bombycilla , are effectively moving in response to winter weather and the loss of their usual winter food , rather than enhanced breeding opportunities .
Rooms are hired out for events .
Aburish asserts that Nasser was not distressed by his frequent relocations , which broadened his horizons and showed him Egyptian society 's class divisions .
In addition to Spider-Man and the Fantastic Four , Marvel began publishing further superhero titles featuring such heroes and antiheroes as the Hulk , Thor , Ant-Man , Iron Man , the X-Men , Daredevil , the Inhumans , Black Panther , Doctor Strange , Captain Marvel and the Silver Surfer , and such memorable antagonists as Doctor Doom , Magneto , Galactus , Loki , the Green Goblin , and Doctor Octopus , all existing in a shared reality known as the Marvel Universe , with locations that mirror real-life cities such as New York , Los Angeles and Chicago .
`` Christian '' derives from the Koine Greek word Christós ( Χριστός ) , a translation of the Biblical Hebrew term mashiach .
Once queen , she banned him from her presence , but he remained in her mother 's household .
The Department further reviewed personnel policies in 1978 and 1985 , after Parliament passed the Canadian Human Rights Act and the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms .
The United States took control of the island in the 1898 Spanish–American War , as part of the Treaty of Paris .
22,716 households ( 48.4 % ) were made up of individuals and 5,551 ( 11.8 % ) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
Their publications teach that doctrinal changes and refinements result from a process of progressive revelation , in which God gradually reveals his will and purpose , and that such enlightenment or `` new light '' results from the application of reason and study , the guidance of the holy spirit , and direction from Jesus Christ and angels .
In 1857 , two missionaries successfully settled on Ebon , living among the natives through at least 1870.:3
The Rajpath , also known as King 's Way , stretched from the India Gate to the Rashtrapati Bhawan .
The OMB made its directive mandatory for all government forms by 2003 .
Above all he inspired his men—Wellington said his presence on the battlefield was worth 40,000 soldiers , for he inspired confidence from privates to field marshals .
Vajrayana , a body of teachings attributed to Indian siddhas , may be viewed as a third branch or merely a part of Mahayana .
Three and a quarter years after the end of the fifth series , a new sixth series was confirmed by Bandai for the Digimon anime , its official name of the series revealed in the June issue of Shueisha 's V Jump magazine being Digimon Xros Wars .
KU 's School of Business launched interdisciplinary management science graduate studies in operations research during Fall Semester 1965 .
Nothing survived of the mosaics which covered the walls and the dome of the edifice but the Russian abbot Daniel , who visited Jerusalem in 1106–1107 left a description : `` Lively mosaics of the holy prophets are under the ceiling , over the tribune .
In 1992 , the First Division clubs resigned from the Football League en masse and on 27 May 1992 the FA Premier League was formed as a limited company working out of an office at the Football Association 's then headquarters in Lancaster Gate .
After the Congress of Vienna , Austria and Prussia emerged as two competitors .
About that time the `` executionist movement '' ( Polish : `` egzekucja praw '' -- '' execution of the laws '' ) began to take form .
The Vietnamese surname Nguyen is the second most common in Melbourne 's phone book after Smith .
Novgorod had a sewage system and wood paving not often found in other cities at the time .
The city has numerous programs designed to promote water conservation among residents , including a rebate of $ 1.50 per square foot for those who convert water intensive lawns to more local drought-tolerant gardens that require less water .
In a letter to Hayek in 1944 , Popper stated , `` I think I have learnt more from you than from any other living thinker , except perhaps Alfred Tarski . ''
On the tenth anniversary of Humanae vitae , he reconfirmed this teaching .
Trading companies became active in Tuvalu in the mid-19th century ; the trading companies engaged palagi traders who lived on the islands .
In June 2013 , West and television personality Kim Kardashian announced the birth of their first child , North .
An exhibition game may also be used to settle a challenge , to provide professional entertainment , to promote the sport , or to raise money for charities .
Walnut Creek Amphitheatre is a large music amphitheater located in Southeast Raleigh .
The International Federation of Aesthetic Group Gymnastics ( IFAGG ) was established in 2003 .
Some audio is hard to compress because of its randomness and sharp attacks .
The city is a major retail shipping point for eastern North Carolina and a wholesale distributing point for the grocery industry .
Writings in Estonian became significant only in the 19th century with the spread of the ideas of the Age of Enlightenment , during the Estophile Enlightenment Period ( 1750–1840 ) .
Further developments took place during World War II , which led to the practical application of radar and the development and use of the atomic bomb .
Thorough cooking of the product would kill these bacteria , but a risk of cross-contamination from improper handling of the raw product is still present .
The 1903 advent of heavier-than-air fixed-wing aircraft was closely followed in 1910 by the first experimental take-off of an airplane , made from the deck of a United States Navy vessel ( cruiser USS Birmingham ) , and the first experimental landings were conducted in 1911 .
Sia Figiel won the 1997 Commonwealth Writers ' Prize for fiction in the south-east Asia/South Pacific region with her novel `` Where We Once Belonged '' .
Former Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Lynn Swann was one of the team 's owners .
In the Anglo-Dutch Treaty of 1814 the names `` United Provinces of the Netherlands '' and `` United Netherlands '' were used .
Ye Zhiping , the principal of Sangzao Middle School in Sangzao , one of the largest in An County , has been credited with proactive action that spared the lives of all 2,323 pupils in attendance when the earthquake happened .
In the United States , the port ranks first in international commerce and tenth among the largest ports in the world .
Satire and irony are used to such an extent that Tavernier-Courbin suggests one interpretation for the book 's title : Lee is doing the mocking—of education , the justice system , and her own society by using them as subjects of her humorous disapproval .
Chengdu Shuangliu Airport reopened later on the evening of May 12 , offering limited service as the airport began to be used as a staging area for relief operations .
The recession , in turn , deepened the credit crunch as demand and employment fell , and credit losses of financial institutions surged .
Bacterial growth follows four phases .
But Amnesty International found no evidence that UNFPA had supported the coercion .
The Ningbo Organizing Committee of the Beijing Olympic torch relay announced that the relay , scheduled to take place in Ningbo during national morning , would be suspended for the duration of the mourning period .
However , the frontmost and rearmost sections are not regarded as true segments as they do not contain the standard sets of organs and do not develop in the same way as the true segments .
In 2000 archaeologists working in Leptis Magna , Libya , uncovered a 30 ft length of five colorful mosaics created during the 1st or 2nd century AD .
The Sidewinders were sold in 2007 and moved to Reno , Nevada after the 2008 season .
In the Tang and Song Dynasties , gates of palaces were usually painted red , and nobles often painted their entire mansion red .
The Candollean system reflected his ideas of the progression of morphological complexity and the later classification by Bentham and Hooker , which was influential until the mid-19th century , was influenced by Candolle 's approach .
The library system participates with 15 other universities in digitizing its collections as a part of the Google Book Search project .
In a video released 3 September 2014 mainly addressed to India , the militant group 's leader Ayman al-Zawahiri said al-Qaeda had not forgotten the Muslims of Myanmar and that the group was doing `` what they can to rescue you '' .
In 1989 the Supreme Court of the United States declared the Board of Estimate unconstitutional on the grounds that Brooklyn , the most populous borough , had no greater effective representation on the Board than Staten Island , the least populous borough , a violation of the Fourteenth Amendment 's Equal Protection Clause pursuant to the high court 's 1964 `` one man , one vote '' decision .
During the Ming dynasty , Nanjing 's industry was further expanded , and the city became one of the most prosperous cities in China and the world .
The Evangelical Reformed Church in Brazil has Dutch origin .
This hypothesis is based on the testimony of Chukchi geographer Nikolai Daurkin , who had visited Alaska in 1764–1765 and who had reported on a village on the Kheuveren River , populated by `` bearded men '' who `` pray to the icons '' .
However , `` Near East '' continues in some circles at the discretion of the defining agency or academic department .
Coe was concerned to celebrate the 'values ' of the Western United States in order to meet the `` threat of communism . ''
Shifting public expectations , advances in digital technology , and the increasing reach of the Internet have led to such widespread , anonymous infringement that copyright-dependent industries now focus less on pursuing individuals who seek and share copyright-protected content online , and more on expanding copyright law to recognize and penalize – as `` indirect '' infringers – the service providers and software distributors which are said to facilitate and encourage individual acts of infringement by others .
The American General Joseph Stilwell , who also was deputy commander to Mountbatten and commanded U.S. forces in the China Burma India Theater , directed aid to China and prepared to construct the Ledo Road to link India and China by land .
The Manchus had to create an entire `` Jiu Han jun '' ( Old Han Army ) due to the massive amount of Han Chinese soldiers which were absorbed into the Eight Banners by both capture and defection , Ming artillery was responsible for many victories against the Manchus , so the Manchus established an artillery corps made out of Han Chinese soldiers in 1641 and the swelling of Han Chinese numbers in the Eight Banners led in 1642 of all Eight Han Banners being created .
The volcano is one part of a range that was formed as part of the same process that formed the floor of the Atlantic , and the Mid-Atlantic Ridge .
Hosts almost universally have Type-A receptacles , while devices have one or another Type-B variety .
Kangxi 's long reign started when he was eight years old upon the untimely demise of his father .
Ignoring Moltke 's plan again , both German armies attacked Frossard 's French 2nd Corps , fortified between Spicheren and Forbach .
It was co-hosted by Ryan Seacrest and Brian Dunkleman .
In March 1999 , MGM paid Warner Bros. and gave up the home video rights to the MGM/UA films owned by Turner to Warner Home Video .
British empiricism , though it was not a term used at the time , derives from the 17th century period of early modern philosophy and modern science .
Upon reaching the Swiss border , the line of the main chain heads approximately east-northeast , a heading it follows until its end near Vienna .
The cloth or fiber material used , resin material , and the cloth to resin ratio determine the laminate 's type designation ( FR-4 , CEM-1 , G-10 , etc . )
In 1071 , the Turkish army defeated the Byzantine army at the Battle of Manzikert and captured the Byzantine Emperor Romanus IV ( r. 1068–71 ) .
A developed country with an advanced , high-income economy and high living standards , Estonia ranks very high in the Human Development Index , and performs favourably in measurements of economic freedom , civil liberties , education , and press freedom ( third in the world in 2012 ) .
One of the best examples would be Shen Kuo ( 1031–1095 ) , a polymath scientist and statesman who was the first to describe the magnetic-needle compass used for navigation , discovered the concept of true north , improved the design of the astronomical gnomon , armillary sphere , sight tube , and clepsydra , and described the use of drydocks to repair boats .
The Philadelphia County Court of Common Pleas ( First Judicial District ) is the trial court of general jurisdiction for Philadelphia , hearing felony-level criminal cases and civil suits above the minimum jurisdictional limit of $ 7000 ( excepting small claims cases valued between $ 7000 and $ 12000 and landlord-tenant issues heard in the Municipal Court ) under its original jurisdiction ; it also has appellate jurisdiction over rulings from the Municipal and Traffic Courts and over decisions of certain Pennsylvania state agencies ( e.g .
Among the philosophies that have influenced modern architects and their approach to building design are rationalism , empiricism , structuralism , poststructuralism , and phenomenology .
A cull takes place each November and February to ensure numbers can be sustained .
Bal-musette is a style of French music and dance that first became popular in Paris in the 1870s and 1880s ; by 1880 Paris had some 150 dance halls in the working-class neighbourhoods of the city .
Most of the Estonian Defence Forces surrendered according to the orders of the Estonian government , believing that resistance was useless and were disarmed by the Red Army .
Idris was sentenced to execution in absentia .
Forbes magazine began reporting on Beyoncé 's earnings in 2008 , calculating that the $ 80 million earned between June 2007 to June 2008 , for her music , tour , films and clothing line made her the world 's best-paid music personality at the time , above Madonna and Celine Dion .
The thorax is a tagma composed of three sections , the prothorax , mesothorax and the metathorax .
Mosaic art also flourished in Christian Petra where three Byzantine churches were discovered .
Only certified applicators , who have passed an exam , may purchase or supervise the application of restricted use pesticides .
A Freedom of Information request in 2005 revealed that Eton had received £2,652 in farming subsidies in 2004 under the Common Agricultural Policy .
As for modern and contemporary architecture , Strasbourg possesses some fine Art Nouveau buildings ( such as the huge Palais des Fêtes and houses and villas like Villa Schutzenberger and Hôtel Brion ) , good examples of post-World War II functional architecture ( the Cité Rotterdam , for which Le Corbusier did not succeed in the architectural contest ) and , in the very extended Quartier Européen , some spectacular administrative buildings of sometimes utterly large size , among which the European Court of Human Rights building by Richard Rogers is arguably the finest .
The final death blow to the Japanese campaigns in Korea came with Hideyoshi 's death in late 1598 and the recall of all Japanese forces in Korea by the Council of Five Elders ( established by Hideyoshi to oversee the transition from his regency to that of his son Hideyori ) .
The second was the concilia ( `` councils '' ) , which were assemblies of specific groups of optimo jure .
In Canada , the term `` football '' may refer to Canadian football and American football collectively , or to either sport specifically , depending on context .
Due to a revolt by Han in Liaodong in 1623 , Nurhachi , who previously gave concessions to conquered Han subjects in Liaodong , turned against them and ordered that they no longer be trusted ; He enacted discriminatory policies and killings against them , while ordering that Han who assimilated to the Jurchen ( in Jilin ) before 1619 be treated equally as Jurchens were and not like the conquered Han in Liaodong .
On 1 January 1967 , Yugoslavia was the first communist country to open its borders to all foreign visitors and abolish visa requirements .
Athanasius 's first problem lay with Meletius of Lycopolis and his followers , who had failed to abide by the First Council of Nicaea .
If the British Empire was now going to side with the Russian Empire , the Ottoman Empire had no choice but to cultivate a relationship with the Austro-Hungarian Empire , which was supported by the German Empire .
Other public agencies were encouraged , but not required , to protect species .
The Somali language is a member of the Cushitic branch of the Afro-Asiatic family .
They are categorized and divided into two groups , the leeward side ( calm waters protected by the island itself ) and windward side ( some of which are protected by hills and reefs ) .
The Harlem River , another tidal strait between the East and Hudson Rivers , separates most of Manhattan from the Bronx .
Schwarzenegger met Maria Shriver at the Robert F. Kennedy Tennis Tournament in August 1977 , and went on to have a relationship with both women until August 1978 , when Moray ( who knew of his relationship with Shriver ) issued an ultimatum .
After the People 's Republic of China took control of Mainland China in 1949 , the Republic of China government based in Taiwan continued to control the Dachen Islands off the coast of Zhejiang until 1955 , even establishing a rival Zhejiang provincial government there , creating a situation similar to Fujian province today .
It is played indoors on a 68-yard field ( about half the distance of an NFL field ) , resulting in a faster-paced and higher-scoring game .
The state of obesity clearly contributes to insulin resistance , which in turn can cause type 2 diabetes .
Blanc-i-blaus , being one of the clubs granted royal patronage , was founded exclusively by Spanish football fans , unlike the multinational nature of Barça 's primary board .
Much of the Alpine culture is unchanged since the medieval period when skills that guaranteed survival in the mountain valleys and in the highest villages became mainstays , leading to strong traditions of carpentry , woodcarving , baking and pastry-making , and cheesemaking .
The rupture lasted close to 120 sec , with the majority of energy released in the first 80 sec .
Beer houses were not permitted to open on Sundays .
Shiva , as Mrigavyadha , is the one who destroys the animal instincts in human beings .
Small , cheap discoidal ceramic capacitors have existed since the 1930s , and remain in widespread use .
New York City traces its roots to its 1624 founding as a trading post by colonists of the Dutch Republic and was named New Amsterdam in 1626 .
In his 1767 An Essay on the History of Civil Society , Ferguson uses the four stages of progress , a theory that was very popular in Scotland at the time , to explain how humans advance from a hunting and gathering society to a commercial and civil society without `` signing '' a social contract .
Notable modern Greek scientists of modern times include Dimitrios Galanos , Georgios Papanikolaou ( inventor of the Pap test ) , Nicholas Negroponte , Constantin Carathéodory , Manolis Andronikos , Michael Dertouzos , John Argyris , Panagiotis Kondylis , John Iliopoulos ( 2007 Dirac Prize for his contributions on the physics of the charm quark , a major contribution to the birth of the Standard Model , the modern theory of Elementary Particles ) , Joseph Sifakis ( 2007 Turing Award , the `` Nobel Prize '' of Computer Science ) , Christos Papadimitriou ( 2002 Knuth Prize , 2012 Gödel Prize ) , Mihalis Yannakakis ( 2005 Knuth Prize ) and Dimitri Nanopoulos .
For example , there is a 3-station underground public elevator in Yalta , Ukraine , which takes passengers from the top of a hill above the Black Sea on which hotels are perched , to a tunnel located on the beach below .
In the course of the concerted anti-guerrilla campaign , hundreds of villages were systematically torched and almost 1,000,000 Greeks left homeless .
Schwarzenegger took to visiting a gym in Graz , where he also frequented the local movie theaters to see bodybuilding idols such as Reg Park , Steve Reeves , and Johnny Weissmuller on the big screen .
The authors also report on Eu 19 ( R1a ) chromosomes , which are very frequent in Central and Eastern Europeans ( 54 % –60 % ) at elevated frequency ( 12.7 % ) in Ashkenazi Jews .
In 2010 , there were 138 hospitals with 31,000 beds in the country , but on 1 July 2011 , the Ministry for Health and Social Solidarity announced its plans to decrease the number to 77 hospitals with 36,035 beds , as a necessary reform to reduce expenses and further enhance healthcare standards .
The Bosporan Kingdom was a multi-ethnic kingdom of Greek city states and local tribal peoples such as the Maeotians , Thracians , Crimean Scythians and Cimmerians under the Spartocid dynasty ( 438–110 BCE ) .
A study of 194 lesbian , gay , and bisexual youths under the age of 21 found that having an awareness of one 's sexual orientation occurred , on average , around age 10 , but the process of coming out to peers and adults occurred around age 16 and 17 , respectively .
In the nineteenth and twentieth centuries the RIBA and its members had a leading part in the promotion of architectural education in the United Kingdom , including the establishment of the Architects ' Registration Council of the United Kingdom ( ARCUK ) and the Board of Architectural Education under the Architects ( Registration ) Acts , 1931 to 1938 .
Deism holds that God is wholly transcendent : God exists , but does not intervene in the world beyond what was necessary to create it .
A treaty is null and void if it is in violation of a peremptory norm .
Although the new licensing laws prevented new beer houses from being created , those already in existence were allowed to continue and many did not close until nearly the end of the 19th century .
As in other Latin countries , intermarriage was prevalent during the colonial period and continued afterward .
The greatest man since Milton '' .
Over 495,200 blacks resided in the borough , of which 430,600 were non-Hispanic blacks .
Seattle is also served by a Veterans Affairs hospital on Beacon Hill , a third campus of Swedish in Ballard , and Northwest Hospital and Medical Center near Northgate Mall .
The moon is under her feet and a halo of twelve stars surround her head , possibly a reference to `` a woman clothed with the sun '' from Revelation 12:1-2 .
Focusing his attention elsewhere in Africa , in late 1972 and early 1973 , Libya invaded Chad to annex the uranium-rich Aouzou Strip .
He was diagnosed with typhoid fever by William Jenner , and died on 14 December 1861 .
There are a variety of watersports in Cork , including rowing and sailing .
Different particles are added to a sentence to further specify its status or intonation .
In November 2010 , in a taped interview with Matt Lauer for the Today show , West expressed regret for his criticism of Bush .
Some animals once considered varmints are now protected , such as wolves .
The state Senate is , as of 2015 , controlled by the Republicans 29 to 21 , and the State House of Representatives at 59 to 41 .
Under Idris , Libya 's armed forces were trained by the British military ; this angered Gaddafi , who viewed the British as imperialists , and accordingly he refused to learn English and was rude to the British officers , ultimately failing his exams .
A special field of animal communication has been investigated in more detail such as vibrational communication .
The mission was to get behind Chinese forces and block their movement north .
Videoconferencing can enable individuals in distant locations to participate in meetings on short notice , with time and money savings .
The Trưng Sisters of Vietnam rebelled against Han in AD 40 .
This led to an early scientific method being developed in the Muslim world , where progress in methodology was made , beginning with the experiments of Ibn al-Haytham ( Alhazen ) on optics from circa 1000 , in his Book of Optics .
The NTFS file system used by recent versions of Windows stores the file with a UTC time stamp , but displays it corrected to local—or seasonal—time .
An earthworm 's digestive system consists of a mouth , pharynx , esophagus , crop , gizzard , and intestine .
Presbyterian government is by councils ( known as courts ) of elders .
Dietary restrictions during pregnancy or when breast feeding have not been found to be effective and thus are not recommended .
Originates Livoniae in Chronicle of Henry of Livonia contains Estonian place names , words and fragments of sentences .
Early life is a critical period for the establishment of the intestinal microbiota and for metabolic development .
Countering Krugman , Peter J. Wallison wrote : `` It is not true that every bubble—even a large bubble—has the potential to cause a financial crisis when it deflates . ''
Despite Tom 's conviction , Bob Ewell is humiliated by the events of the trial , Atticus explaining that he `` destroyed [ Ewell 's ] last shred of credibility at that trial . ''
The FDA received authority to regulate advertising of prescription drugs and to establish good manufacturing practices .
Title I of the U.S. DMCA , the WIPO Copyright and Performances and Phonograms Treaties Implementation Act has provisions that prevent persons from `` circumvent [ ing ] a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work '' .
Painted or carved wooden relief altarpieces became common , especially as churches created many side-chapels .
The Valencian Community motorcycle Grand Prix ( Gran Premi de la Comunitat Valenciana de motociclisme ) is part of the Grand Prix motorcycle racing season at the Circuit Ricardo Tormo ( also known as Circuit de Valencia ) .
Summer is the wettest season ; almost half of the annual rainfall occurs from June to September in the form of thundershowers .
CRB is not known to occur in the United States except in American Samoa .
In October 2009 , Everton took 7,000 travelling fans to Benfica , their largest ever away crowd in Europe since the 1985 European Cup Winners ' Cup Final .
Second , the Arctic Ocean covers the north polar zone : the ocean 's relative warmth is transferred through the icepack and prevents temperatures in the Arctic regions from reaching the extremes typical of the land surface of Antarctica .
But the overall current pattern is the same ; the current will be zero at the two ends , and reach a maximum in the center .
John seized the lands of those clergy unwilling to conduct services , as well as those estates linked to Innocent himself ; he arrested the illicit concubines that many clerics kept during the period , only releasing them after the payment of fines ; he seized the lands of members of the church who had fled England , and he promised protection for those clergy willing to remain loyal to him .
Among all 17 railway stations in Nanjing , passenger rail service is mainly provided by Nanjing Railway Station and Nanjing South Railway Station , while other stations like Nanjing West Railway Station , Zhonghuamen Railway Station and Xianlin Railway Station serve minor roles .
Seattle 's professional sports history began at the start of the 20th century with the PCHA 's Seattle Metropolitans , which in 1917 became the first American hockey team to win the Stanley Cup .
Poles of the 17th century assumed that `` szlachta '' came from the German `` schlachten '' ( `` to slaughter '' or `` to butcher '' ) ; also suggestive is the German `` Schlacht '' ( `` battle '' ) .
The issue has divided the country .
In 2012 , a new bone marrow donor program was launched by the University of Nigeria to help people with leukaemia , lymphoma , or sickle cell disease to find a compatible donor for a life-saving bone marrow transplant , which cures them of their conditions .
With the Treaty of the Pyrenees ( 1659 ) , Spain ceded the northern part of Catalonia to France , and soon thereafter the local Catalan varieties came under the influence of French , which in 1700 became the sole official language of the region .
Other groups of organisms that were previously studied by botanists include bacteria ( now studied in bacteriology ) , fungi ( mycology ) – including lichen-forming fungi ( lichenology ) , non-chlorophyte algae ( phycology ) , and viruses ( virology ) .
Dogs are predators and scavengers , and like many other predatory mammals , the dog has powerful muscles , fused wrist bones , a cardiovascular system that supports both sprinting and endurance , and teeth for catching and tearing .
To prevent the risk of out-of-phase supplies mixing , sections of line fed from different feeder stations must be kept strictly isolated .
From 2000 to 2010 , the average cost per asthma-related hospital stay in the United States for children remained relatively stable at about $ 3,600 , whereas the average cost per asthma-related hospital stay for adults increased from $ 5,200 to $ 6,600 .
Before the attack on Pearl Harbor , the 800,000-member America First Committee vehemently opposed any American intervention in the European conflict , even as America sold military aid to Britain and the Soviet Union through the Lend-Lease program .
The fight against Huerta formally ended on August 15 , 1914 , when Álvaro Obregón signed a number of treaties in Teoloyucan in which the last of Huerta 's forces surrendered to him and recognized the constitutional government .
According to Buddhist tradition , the Buddha lived and taught in the eastern part of the Indian subcontinent , present-day Nepal sometime between the 6th and 4th centuries BCE .
Seattle is considered the home of grunge music , having produced artists such as Nirvana , Soundgarden , Alice in Chains , Pearl Jam , and Mudhoney , all of whom reached international audiences in the early 1990s .
According to David Leighton , historical writer for the Arizona Daily Star newspaper , Speedway Boulevard derives its name from an old horse racetrack , known as `` The Harlem River Speedway , '' more commonly called `` The Speedway , '' in New York City .
Peer groups can have positive influences on an individual , such as on academic motivation and performance .
There are now three hydroelectricity plants larger than 10 GW : the Three Gorges Dam in China , Itaipu Dam across the Brazil/Paraguay border , and Guri Dam in Venezuela .
According to widely accepted global energy reserve statistics , the reserves of liquid fuel are much less than gas and coal ( at 42 , 167 and 416 years respectively ) .
High German and Low German , influential until the mid of the 19th century , account for 2.7 % , but are mostly unrecognizable since many German loanwords have been `` Dutchified '' , e.g .
The emergence of Vedanta school represented a period when a more knowledge-centered understanding began to emerge .
For this , he was arrested in 1820 and executed in 1822 by garroting .
Arsenal began winning silverware again with the surprise appointment of club physiotherapist Bertie Mee as manager in 1966 .
An early formal system of temporal logic was studied by Avicenna .
That is , all languages ' phonological structures are essentially the same , but there is restricted variation that accounts for differences in surface realizations .
Including both of these categories , and children under 15 , some 66.4 % of Bolivia 's population was registered as indigenous in the 2001 Census .
Babangida 's tenure was marked by a flurry of political activity : he instituted the International Monetary Fund 's Structural Adjustment Program ( SAP ) to aid in the repayment of the country 's crushing international debt , which most federal revenue was dedicated to servicing .
Additionally , Transparency International has identified corruption in the education sector as a major stumbling block to achieving Universal Primary Education in Africa .
Significantly , 500 were taken by Mudie 's Library , ensuring that the book promptly reached a large number of subscribers to the library .
The Eastern Market farmer 's distribution center is the largest open-air flowerbed market in the United States and has more than 150 foods and specialty businesses .
Since 1934 , the sale of Federal Duck Stamps has generated $ 670 million , and helped to purchase or lease 5,200,000 acres ( 8,100 sq mi ; 21,000 km2 ) of habitat .
Even this formerly front-line weapon is currently being replaced by new missile systems , such as the RIM-116 Rolling Airframe Missile , which is smaller , faster , and allows for mid-flight course correction ( guidance ) to ensure a hit .
The walls were completed in the 15th century , but later development of several new fortifications along Southampton Water and the Solent by Henry VIII meant that Southampton was no longer dependent upon its fortifications .
Even after he died in 1982 , the era didn ’ t end until Mikhail Gorbachev took power and introduced liberal reforms in Soviet society .
In 1781 , Immanuel Kant published the Critique of Pure Reason , one of the most influential works in the history of the philosophy of space and time .
The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , World Bank , European Bank for Reconstruction and Development ( EBRD ) , and other international financial institutions ( IFIs ) and foreign countries are extending considerable grants and loans .
With a 2010 census population of 120,083 ( and a 2014 estimate of 130,113 ) , current trends put Charleston as the fastest-growing municipality in South Carolina .
During the Cultural Revolution ( 1966–76 ) , Zhejiang was in chaos and disunity , and its economy was stagnant , especially during the high tide ( 1966–69 ) of the revolution .
These were the descendants of Tahitians and the HMS Bounty mutineers , including those of Fletcher Christian .
The pagan Slavic populations were Christianized between the 6th and 10th centuries .
Downtown area is home to historic neighborhoods and buildings such as the Sir Walter Raleigh Hotel built in the early 20th century , the restored City Market , the Fayetteville Street downtown business district , which includes the PNC Plaza and Wells Fargo Capitol Center buildings , as well as the North Carolina Museum of History , North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences , North Carolina State Capitol , Peace College , the Raleigh City Museum , Raleigh Convention Center , Shaw University , and St. Augustine 's College .
Even as the Western Roman empire collapsed , literate men acknowledged that Virgil was a master poet .
In addition , peer pressure influences clothing choice .
The spoken word was thus the single most potent religious action , and knowledge of the correct verbal formulas the key to efficacy .
On Friday 19 September of the year 2014 , Guinness World Records has announced that Egyptian scuba diver Ahmed Gabr is the new title holder for deepest salt water scuba dive , at 332.35 metres .
There were 324 persons ( or about 0.25 % of the population ) who were Jewish , and 4,907 ( or about 3.81 % of the population ) who were Muslim .
The tradition of presenting the trophy immediately after the game did not start until the 1882 final ; after the first final in 1872 the trophy was not presented to the winners , Wanderers , until a reception held four weeks later in the Pall Mall Restaurant in London .
Ancient Greece was dominated by city-states , which experimented with various forms of political organization , grouped by Plato into four categories : timocracy , tyranny , democracy and oligarchy .
According to his principle of the social contract , Locke said that the government lacked authority in the realm of individual conscience , as this was something rational people could not cede to the government for it or others to control .
For the first five seasons , the recordings were released as a compilation album at the end of the season .
Some viruses may be grown in embryonated eggs .
This social structure was characterized both by syncretising with the native cultures of northern India , but also eventually by the excluding of indigenous peoples by labelling their occupations impure .
An upscale lifestyle publication called Slice Magazine is circulated throughout the metropolitan area .
State Route 99 runs through downtown Seattle on the Alaskan Way Viaduct , which was built in 1953 .
Melbourne is so far the southernmost city to host the games .
The CD was planned to be the successor of the gramophone record for playing music , rather than primarily as a data storage medium .
In May 1778 , Burke supported a parliamentary motion revising restrictions on Irish trade .
The leader of the Whigs was Robert Walpole , who maintained control of the government in the period 1721–1742 ; his protégé was Henry Pelham ( 1743–1754 ) .
Czech verbs have three grammatical moods : indicative , imperative and conditional .
It was founded by the Romans , who named it Londinium .
The current Mac product family uses Intel x86-64 processors .
Between the 18th and early 19th centuries , there were many European immigrants who went to Venezuela , only to later migrate to the United States along with their children and grandchildren who born and/or grew up in Venezuela speaking Spanish .
Also in 2005 , Spielberg directed a modern adaptation of War of the Worlds ( a co-production of Paramount and DreamWorks ) , based on the H. G. Wells book of the same name ( Spielberg had been a huge fan of the book and the original 1953 film ) .
Canon law is the body of laws and regulations made by ecclesiastical authority ( Church leadership ) , for the government of a Christian organization or church and its members .
This can be due to flying past their destinations as in the `` spring overshoot '' in which birds returning to their breeding areas overshoot and end up further north than intended .
In September 1993 , Madonna embarked on The Girlie Show World Tour , in which she dressed as a whip-cracking dominatrix surrounded by topless dancers .
Attacks on Birmingham and Coventry were subject to 500 short tons ( 450 t ) of bombs between them in the last 10 days of October .
On April 2 , 2014 , Microsoft ultimately announced that it would be removing license fees entirely for devices with screens smaller than 9 inches , and officially confirmed the rumored `` Windows 8.1 with Bing '' OEM SKU on May 23 , 2014 .
However , al-Sakhawi and Mohammad Akram Nadwi have since found evidence of over 8,000 female scholars since the 15th century .
As the zygote develops into an embryo , the triploid cell develops into the endosperm , which serves as the embryo 's food supply .
The capacitance of certain capacitors decreases as the component ages .
During the winter , the main square of the Zócalo is transformed into a gigantic ice skating rink , which is said to be the largest in the world behind that of Moscow 's Red Square .
There is a theory that vinyl records can audibly represent higher frequencies than compact discs .
The city is the home of Andrew Lloyd Webber , whose musicals have dominated the West End theatre since the late 20th century .
In 1990 , when King Baudouin advised his cabinet he could not , in conscience , sign a bill decriminalising abortion ( a refusal patently not covered by a responsible minister ) , the Council of Ministers , at the King 's own request , declared Baudouin incapable of exercising his powers .
Major corporations with headquarters in Tennessee include FedEx , AutoZone and International Paper , all based in Memphis ; Pilot Corporation and Regal Entertainment Group , based in Knoxville ; Eastman Chemical Company , based in Kingsport ; the North American headquarters of Nissan Motor Company , based in Franklin ; Hospital Corporation of America and Caterpillar Financial , based in Nashville ; and Unum , based in Chattanooga .
Signed between the Allied and Associated Powers and Ottoman Empire at Sèvres on 10 August 1920 , the Treaty of Sèvres promised to maintain the existence of the Armenian republic and to attach the former territories of Ottoman Armenia to it .
Situated in the southern part of Telangana in southeastern India , Hyderabad is 1,566 kilometres ( 973 mi ) south of Delhi , 699 kilometres ( 434 mi ) southeast of Mumbai , and 570 kilometres ( 350 mi ) north of Bangalore by road .
Although the ECB is governed by European law directly and thus not by corporate law applying to private law companies , its set-up resembles that of a corporation in the sense that the ECB has shareholders and stock capital .
The city is also well provided for in amateur men 's and women 's rugby with a number of teams in and around the city , the oldest of which is Trojans RFC who were promoted to London South West 2 division in 2008/9 .
The French railway system , with multiple competing companies , had developed purely from commercial pressures and many journeys to the front in Alsace and Lorraine involved long diversions and frequent changes between trains .
The Cambridge Rules were written at Trinity College , Cambridge , at a meeting attended by representatives from Eton , Harrow , Rugby , Winchester and Shrewsbury schools .
There are still many ruins of castros ( hill forts ) all over modern Portugal and remains of Castro culture .
[ citation needed ] There is one locally based radio station ( Radio Norfolk 89.9FM ) , broadcasting on both AM and FM frequencies .
The reason for the observation is that in the past , when panes of glass were commonly made by glassblowers , the technique used was to spin molten glass so as to create a round , mostly flat and even plate ( the crown glass process , described above ) .
The aircraft should be off of the airport and in the air in 90 minutes .
Traditional videoconferencing system manufacturers have begun providing mobile applications as well , such as those that allow for live and still image streaming .
The Allen brothers decided to name the city after Sam Houston , the popular general at the Battle of San Jacinto , who was elected President of Texas in September 1836 .
Examples include diverse microbiomes , rhizobia , nitrogen-fixing bacteria that live in root nodules on legume roots ; actinomycete nitrogen-fixing bacteria called Frankia , which live in alder tree root nodules ; single-celled algae inside reef-building corals ; and bacterial endosymbionts that provide essential nutrients to about 10 % –15 % of insects .
Moreau and the French swept through Bavaria and scored an overwhelming victory at Hohenlinden in December 1800 .
The State Security Administration ( UDBA ) saw its power scaled back and its staff reduced to 5000 .
Notable writers and poets from Melbourne include Thomas Browne , C. J. Dennis , Germaine Greer and Peter Carey .
The typical duration of relationships increases throughout the teenage years as well .
When Claris was reincorporated back into Apple in 1998 , ClarisWorks was renamed AppleWorks beginning with version 5.0 .
In order to reduce negative impacts , it is desirable that pesticides be degradable or at least quickly deactivated in the environment .
An infatuation with the already-married Australian socialite Sheila , Lady Loughborough , came to an end in April 1920 when the King , with the promise of the dukedom of York , persuaded Albert to stop seeing her .
The Atlantic and northern shores were harassed by the Vikings , who also raided the British Isles and settled there as well as in Iceland .
In 1899 , the memorial , by the Berlin sculptor Ernst Gustav Herter ( 1846–1917 ) , finally came to rest , although subject to repeated vandalism , in the Bronx , at 164th Street and the Grand Concourse , or Joyce Kilmer Park near today 's Yankee Stadium .
The latter aided in the defence of their respective territories against attacks by other European powers , Aboriginal peoples , and later American forces during the American Revolutionary War and War of 1812 , as well as in the Fenian raids , Red River Rebellion , and North-West Rebellion .
These four truths explain the nature of dukkha ( suffering , anxiety , unsatisfactoriness ) , its causes , and how it can be overcome .
In the film 's first seven days it grossed £41.7 million ( $ 63.8 million ) , breaking the UK record for highest first-week opening , set by Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban 's £23.88 million ( $ 36.9 million ) in 2004 .
North of the Historic Center , Azcapotzalco and Gustavo A. Madero have important industrial centers and neighborhoods that range from established middle-class colonias such as Claveria and Lindavista to huge low-income housing areas that share hillsides with adjacent municipalities in the State of Mexico .
The next elevator to be dispatched usually has its hall lantern or a `` this car leaving next '' sign illuminated to encourage passengers to make maximum use of the available elevator system capacity .
In ancient China , though , glassmaking seems to have a late start , compared to ceramics and metal work .
Though sexual attraction , behavior , and identity are all components of sexual orientation , if a person defined by one of these dimensions were congruent with those defined by another dimension it would not matter which was used in assessing orientation , but this is not the case .
Defence and Foreign Affairs remain the responsibility of the United Kingdom .
Lewis Carroll 's youngest brother , the Reverend Edwin Heron Dodgson , served as an Anglican missionary and schoolteacher in Tristan da Cunha in the 1880s .
Citizenship is given to those who belong to one of the national races such as Kachin , Kayah ( Karenni ) , Karen , Chin , Burman , Mon , Rakhine , Shan , Kaman , or Zerbadee .
Its defeat was formalised in the Second Treaty of Thorn in 1466 ending the Thirteen Years ' War , and leaving the former Polish region Pomerania/Pomerelia under Polish control .
The feminism and female empowerment themes on Beyoncé 's second solo album B'Day were inspired by her role in Dreamgirls and by singer Josephine Baker .
At the beginning of World War I , East Prussia became a theatre of war when the Russian Empire invaded the country .
Returning to Boston in fall 1873 , Bell made a fateful decision to concentrate on his experiments in sound .
Christopher M. Tuckett states that , although the exact reasons for the death of Jesus are hard to determine , one of the indisputable facts about him is that he was crucified .
When Disraeli died the following year , she was blinded by `` fast falling tears '' , and erected a memorial tablet `` placed by his grateful Sovereign and Friend , Victoria R.I . ''
Author/solicitor David Green of Castle Morris Pembrokeshire has had more letters published on the main letters page than any other known contributor – 158 by 31 January 2008 .
Garry Trudeau , creator of the political Doonesbury comic strip , attended Yale University .
ReplayGain is a standard for measuring and storing the loudness of an MP3 file ( audio normalization ) in its metadata tag , enabling a ReplayGain-compliant player to automatically adjust the overall playback volume for each file .
During the Middle Ages , shipbuilding became an important industry for the town .
During the Wisconsinan glaciation , the New York City region was situated at the edge of a large ice sheet over 1,000 feet in depth .
Armando Dias , for example , died in November 1913 whilst still very young , a victim of an electric shock when entering the textile industry where he worked .
However , the genomes of cells in an adult organism can be edited using gene therapy techniques to treat genetic diseases .
The centrality of the `` separation '' concept to the Religion Clauses of the Constitution was made explicit in Everson v. Board of Education , 330 U.S. 1 ( 1947 ) , a case dealing with a New Jersey law that allowed government funds to pay for transportation of students to both public and Catholic schools .
Bush , Bill Clinton , and George W. Bush , and major-party nominees during this period include John Kerry ( 2004 ) , Joseph Lieberman ( Vice President , 2000 ) , and Sargent Shriver ( Vice President , 1972 ) .
In his ‘ ‘ Third Force Psychology and the Study of Literature ’ ’ , Paris argues “ D.H Lawrence ’ s “ pristine unconscious ” is a metaphor for the real self ” .
The cerebellum of mammals contains a large portion ( the neocerebellum ) dedicated to supporting the cerebral cortex , which has no counterpart in other vertebrates .
After Ashikaga Yoshimasa , 8th shogun of the Muromachi shogunate , lost interest in politics , his wife Hino Tomiko largely ruled in his place .
When rail service was established to the city on March 20 , 1880 , Leatherwood celebrated the fact by sending telegrams to various leaders , including the President of the United States and the Pope , announcing that the `` ancient and honorable pueblo '' of Tucson was now connected by rail to the outside world .
[ b ] to atone for multiple `` crimes '' , one of which was persecuting to death Shunzhi ’ s agnate eldest brother , Hooge .
Camillo di Cavour , under orders of Victor Emmanuel II of Piedmont-Sardinia , sent an expeditionary corps of 15,000 soldiers , commanded by General Alfonso La Marmora , to side with French and British forces during the war .
Charles Pollak ( born Karol Pollak ) , the inventor of the first electrolytic capacitors , found out that the oxide layer on an aluminum anode remained stable in a neutral or alkaline electrolyte , even when the power was switched off .
The other dialects have different vowel reduction processes ( see the section pronunciation of dialects in this article ) .
Britain also dispatched 9,000 troops to reinforce Ferdinand 's Hanoverian army , the first British troop commitment on the continent and a reversal in the policy of Pitt .
When optimally designed within a given core saturation constraint and for a given active current ( i.e. , torque current ) , voltage , pole-pair number , excitation frequency ( i.e. , synchronous speed ) , and air-gap flux density , all categories of electric motors or generators will exhibit virtually the same maximum continuous shaft torque ( i.e. , operating torque ) within a given air-gap area with winding slots and back-iron depth , which determines the physical size of electromagnetic core .
While shooting the film , Madonna began a relationship with Beatty , which dissolved by the end of 1990 .
In terms of ship categories , Greek companies have 22.6 % of the world 's tankers and 16.1 % of the world 's bulk carriers ( in dwt ) .
The dispute was finally resolved in 1976 , when Dimotiki was made the only official variation of the Greek language , and Katharevousa fell to disuse .
The first commercial system was the Solar Total Energy Project ( STEP ) in Shenandoah , Georgia , USA where a field of 114 parabolic dishes provided 50 % of the process heating , air conditioning and electrical requirements for a clothing factory .
There are many missionary groups operating in the country , including Lutherans , Baptists , Catholics , Grace Brethren , and Jehovah 's Witnesses .
Of these , about one eighth of known plant species are threatened with extinction .
Prior to 1871 , the government of the United States regularly entered into treaties with Native Americans but the Indian Appropriations Act of March 3 , 1871 ( ch .
Trading companies became active in Tuvalu in the mid-19th century ; the trading companies engaged palagi traders who lived on the islands .
In Mexico , Carnival is celebrated in about 225 cities and towns .
The Richmond Times-Dispatch , the local daily newspaper in Richmond with a Sunday circulation of 120,000 , is owned by BH Media , a subsidiary of Warren Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway company .
Jehovah 's Witnesses have established Hospital Liaison Committees as a cooperative arrangement between individual Jehovah 's Witnesses and medical professionals and hospitals .
The birds have also suffered from the introduction of mammals such as rats , cats , pigs and goats , as well as from introduced competitors such as common blackbirds and crimson rosellas .
Wood has always been used extensively for furniture , such as chairs and beds .
Kerry said on September 9 in response to a reporter 's question about whether Syrian President Bashar al-Assad could avert a military strike : `` He could turn over every single bit of his chemical weapons to the international community in the next week .
Animals are generally considered to have evolved from a flagellated eukaryote .
It shelters the biggest Buddha statue in Europe , more than nine metres high .
The first Europeans to disembark and explore the region were the Portuguese navigators Diogo Cão in 1485 and Bartolomeu Dias in 1486 ; still the region was not claimed by the Portuguese crown .
The top 12 finalists originally included Mario Vazquez , but he dropped out citing 'personal reasons ' and was replaced by Nikko Smith .
On October 26 , twenty factories in Lviv held strikes and meetings to protest the police brutality of October 1 and the authorities ' unwillingness to prosecute those responsible .
His mother , Leah ( Adler ) Posner ( born 1920 ) , was a restaurateur and concert pianist , and his father , Arnold Spielberg ( born 1917 ) , was an electrical engineer involved in the development of computers .
In the 2006 Hill v. McDonough case , however , the United States Supreme Court approved the use of Section 1983 as a vehicle for challenging a state 's method of execution as cruel and unusual punishment in violation of the Eighth Amendment .
A month later , the invasion of Southern France took place , and control of forces in the southern invasion passed from the AFHQ to the SHAEF .
Her mother was extremely protective , and Victoria was raised largely isolated from other children under the so-called `` Kensington System '' , an elaborate set of rules and protocols devised by the Duchess and her ambitious and domineering comptroller , Sir John Conroy , who was rumoured to be the Duchess 's lover .
Frustrated by the old guard 's resistance , Gorbachev embarked on a set of constitutional changes to try to separate party and state , and thereby isolate his conservative Party opponents .
For the less well-off , inhumation with `` a libation of wine , incense , and fruit or crops was sufficient '' .
Plymouth 's early history extends to the Bronze Age , when a first settlement emerged at Mount Batten .
The Historical Museum has annexed eight historical houses in the city , five of which are located in the Ciudad Vieja .
Some viruses that are maintained in birds without lethal effects , such as the West Nile Virus may however be spread by migrating birds .
By the late 1960s , it had become evident to most philosophers that the movement had pretty much run its course , though its influence is still significant among contemporary analytic philosophers such as Michael Dummett and other anti-realists .
The global dog population is estimated at 525 million:225 based on a transparent methodology , as opposed to other estimates where the methodology has not been made available – all dog population estimates are based on regional human population densities and land uses .
A rare population of melanistic , black fallow deer is also maintained at the Deer Sanctuary near Theydon Bois .
In 2006 UNESCO declared these seven groups of monuments as a World Heritage Site ( WHS ) .
The percentage of Low Saxon and High German loanwords can be estimated at 22–25 percent , with Low Saxon making up about 15 percent .
Shortly after the British occupation began , the Great Fire of New York occurred , a large conflagration on the West Side of Lower Manhattan , which destroyed about a quarter of the buildings in the city , including Trinity Church .
The Late Bronze Age ( from 1700 to 1200 BCE ) Hittite and Hurrian Aplu was a god of plague , invoked during plague years .
As such , the term Serbo-Croatian was first used by Jacob Grimm in 1824 , popularized by the Vienna philologist Jernej Kopitar in the following decades , and accepted by Croatian Zagreb grammarians in 1854 and 1859 .
Conversely some legal documents such as the Treaty of Waitangi are internationally considered to be documents under domestic law .
The Lee and Joe Jamail Skatepark is a public skatepark owned and operated by the city of Houston , and is one of the largest skateparks in Texas consisting of 30,000 ( 2,800 m2 ) square foot in-ground facility .
Admiral Sir Mark Stanhope , former head of the Royal Navy , has said that `` To put it simply , countries that aspire to strategic international influence have aircraft carriers '' .
Great powers characteristically possess military and economic strength , as well as diplomatic and soft power influence , which may cause middle or small powers to consider the great powers ' opinions before taking actions of their own .
As the biggest operator , First uses stops around Pound Tree Road .
The organ was built by Harrison & Harrison in 1937 , then with four manuals and 84 speaking stops , and was used for the first time at the coronation of King George VI .
PCBs intended for extreme environments often have a conformal coating , which is applied by dipping or spraying after the components have been soldered .
At the same time , international NGOs are mindful of the ethical quandary of how to work with the government without bolstering or appeasing it .
It bound the peasant to the land , as only one son ( not the eldest ) was permitted to leave the village ; townsfolk ( Polish : `` mieszczaństwo '' ) were prohibited from owning land ; and positions in the Church hierarchy could be given only to nobles .
Yet others approach emotions via symbolic movement and facial expression components ( like in contemporary Gestalt therapy ) .
Although Greg argued that an editor should be free to use his judgment to choose between competing substantive readings , he suggested that an editor should defer to the copy-text when `` the claims of two readings ... appear to be exactly balanced .
The national police has its own special unit for riot control and crowd control and security of public buildings , called the Compagnies Républicaines de Sécurité ( CRS ) , a unit formed in 1944 right after the liberation of France .
EU member countries have shown support for ambitious renewable energy goals .
During the NHL lockout and subsequent cancellation of the 2004-2005 hockey season , CBC instead aired various recent and classic movies , branded as Movie Night in Canada , on Saturday nights .
Because the United States had sent the Seventh Fleet to `` neutralize '' the Taiwan Strait , Chinese premier Zhou Enlai criticized both the UN and U.S. initiatives as `` armed aggression on Chinese territory . ''
There is no cure for asthma .
Season six was the first season wherein the average results show rated higher than the competition stages ( unlike in the previous seasons ) , and became the second highest-rated of the series after the preceding season .
The executive branch consists of the President and the Presidential Cabinet , which consists of ten ministers appointed by the President with the approval of the Nitijela .
The `` .tv '' domain name generates around $ 2.2 million each year from royalties , which is about ten per cent of the government 's total revenue .
Outside of performance , these are referred to as feuds .
Further attacks slowly depleted the PVA and KPA forces ; Operations Courageous ( 23–28 March 1951 ) and Tomahawk ( 23 March 1951 ) were a joint ground and airborne infilltration meant to trap Chinese forces between Kaesong and Seoul .
The National Disaster Relief Commission initiated a `` Level II emergency contingency plan '' , which covers the most serious class of natural disasters .
According to Pew Research Center , Protestants constituted nearly one fifth ( or 17.8 % ) of the continent 's Christian population in 2010 .
With the gradual weakening of the Marathas in the aftermath of the three Anglo-Maratha wars , the British also secured the Ganges-Jumna Doab , the Delhi-Agra region , parts of Bundelkhand , Broach , some districts of Gujarat , the fort of Ahmmadnagar , province of Cuttack ( which included Mughalbandi/the coastal part of Odisha , Garjat/the princely states of Odisha , Balasore Port , parts of Midnapore district of West Bengal ) , Bombay ( Mumbai ) and the surrounding areas , leading to a formal end of the Maratha empire and firm establishment of the British East India Company in India .
They managed to defeat Sansar Chand Katoch , the ruler of Kangra , in 1806 with the help of many provincial chiefs .
The difficulty RAF bombers had navigating in darkness , led the British to believe German bombers would suffer the same problems and would be unable to reach and identify their targets .
The arteries are composed of thick elastic muscles to withstand the pressure of the ventricular constriction , and become more rigid as they move away from the heart .
While the republican government was amenable to war reparations or ceding colonial territories in Africa or in South East Asia to Prussia , Favre on behalf of the Government of National Defense , declared on 6 September that France would not `` yield an inch of its territory nor a stone of its fortresses . ''
The second phase is a two-mile ( 3 km ) extension from Hart Plaza to the Ambassador Bridge for a total of five miles ( 8 km ) of parkway from bridge to bridge .
Chopin made his last public appearance on a concert platform at London 's Guildhall on 16 November 1848 , when , in a final patriotic gesture , he played for the benefit of Polish refugees .
In 1712 there were 318 men employed and by 1733 it had grown to a population of 3,000 people .
Serbian is spoken in Serbia , Bosnia , and Croatia ; Bulgarian is spoken in Bulgaria ; Croatian is spoken in Croatia and Bosnia ; Bosnian is spoken in Bosnia ; Slovene is spoken in Slovenia ; and Macedonian is spoken in Macedonia .
Real GDP growth since 2001 has averaged 2.8 % , nearly 2 percentage points lower than growth in other Southern African Customs Union ( SACU ) member countries .
It set aside Antarctica as a scientific preserve , established freedom of scientific investigation and environmental protection , and banned military activity on Antarctica .
Although the importation of slaves to St Helena had been banned in 1792 , the phased emancipation of over 800 resident slaves did not take place until 1827 , which was still some six years before the British Parliament passed legislation to ban slavery in the colonies .
The defeat of Muslim forces at the Battle of Poitiers in 732 led to the reconquest of southern France by the Franks , but the main reason for the halt of Islamic growth in Europe was the overthrow of the Umayyad dynasty and its replacement by the Abbasid dynasty .
Elements of telecommunications were restored by the government piece by piece over the next number of months as the situation in the Sichuan province gradually improved .
During World War II , the British destroyed the major government buildings , oil wells and mines for tungsten , tin , lead and silver to keep them from the Japanese .
Mobile telecommunications and radio broadcasting help to fight corruption , especially in developing regions like Africa , where other forms of communications are limited .
Once common but no longer commonly used because of its low accuracy and resolution is to screen print epoxy ink .
By scoring 180 goals in 2015 in all competitions , Barcelona set the record for most goals scored in a calendar year , breaking Real Madrid 's record of 178 goals scored in 2014 .
Elastic energy in materials is also dependent upon electrical potential energy ( among atoms and molecules ) , as is chemical energy , which is stored and released from a reservoir of electrical potential energy between electrons , and the molecules or atomic nuclei that attract them .
The governors of the taifas each proclaimed themselves Emir of their provinces and established diplomatic relations with the Christian kingdoms of the north .
Upon being harmed ( e.g. , stung ) by their prey , the appearance in such an organism will be remembered as something to avoid .
As drive density increased , the precision and speed limitations of stepper motors made them obsolete for hard drives—the precision limitation made them unusable , and the speed limitation made them uncompetitive—thus newer hard disk drives use voice coil-based head actuator systems .
Brasília was built in 41 months , from 1956 to April 21 , 1960 , when it was officially inaugurated .
In 1876 Lord Kelvin had already discussed the possible construction of such calculators , but he had been stymied by the limited output torque of the ball-and-disk integrators .
From 1990 , a steady increase can be observed , reflecting the high costs of the services provided .
The account given in Sura 19 is nearly identical with that in the Gospel according to Luke , and both of these ( Luke , Sura 19 ) begin with an account of the visitation of an angel upon Zakariya ( Zecharias ) and Good News of the birth of Yahya ( John ) , followed by the account of the annunciation .
Compact fluorescent lamps ( aka 'CFLs ' ) use less power to supply the same amount of light as an incandescent lamp , however they contain mercury which is a dispose hazard .
It has landholdings throughout the region and elsewhere , operating as a property company , but also exercising the right of the Crown in the County Palatine of Lancaster .
In recent years , the Swiss have brought their economic practices largely into conformity with those of the EU in many ways , in an effort to enhance their international competitiveness .
In the Mahayana , the Buddha tends not to be viewed as merely human , but as the earthly projection of a beginningless and endless , omnipresent being ( see Dharmakaya ) beyond the range and reach of thought .
While a new factory was being planned and built , M/V Kelso came to the island and acted as a factory ship , with island fishermen based on board for stints normally of one week .
With the Constitution of 1988 Brasília gained the right to elect its Governor , and a District Assembly ( Câmara Legislativa ) was elected to exercise legislative power .
Both internet commerce and telephony have consequently become among the quickest growing local businesses .
According to Livy and Dionysius of Halicarnassus , the front rank was composed of the wealthiest citizens , who were able to purchase the best equipment .
Valencia is a bilingual city : Valencian and Spanish are the two official languages .
On January 25 , 1918 the third meeting of the All-Russian Congress of Soviets renamed the unrecognized state the Soviet Russian Republic .
At the same time , B'Day was re-released with five additional songs , including her duet with Shakira `` Beautiful Liar '' .
Considered the `` father of the computer '' , he conceptualized and invented the first mechanical computer in the early 19th century .
In 2005 , he served as a producer of Memoirs of a Geisha , an adaptation of the novel by Arthur Golden , a film to which he was previously attached as director .
Most Greeks are Christians , belonging to the Greek Orthodox Church .
The Somali Telecommunication Association ( STA ) , a watchdog organization that oversees the policy development and regulatory framework of Somalia 's ICT sector , reported in 2006 that there were over half a million users of internet services within the territory .
Legends about Virgil and his magical powers remained popular for over two hundred years , arguably becoming as prominent as his writings themselves .
However , the legislature did not designate a state tree until 1949 , when the Montana Federation of Garden Clubs , with the support of the state forester , lobbied for formal recognition .
Britain again deployed its armed forces to the region , intervening in Oman ( 1957 ) , Jordan ( 1958 ) and Kuwait ( 1961 ) , though on these occasions with American approval , as the new Prime Minister Harold Macmillan 's foreign policy was to remain firmly aligned with the United States .
A person who has only predominantly same sex reactions is different from someone with relatively little reaction but lots of same sex experience .
The men interpreted the Qur'an to permit sexual relations between a male master and his female slave outside of marriage ( see Ma malakat aymanukum and sex ) , leading to many mixed-race children .
The Governor of Michigan , Rick Snyder , declared a financial emergency for the city in March 2013 , appointing an emergency manager .
In the 2009–10 season , Tottenham finished fourth and became the first team to break the top four since Everton in 2005 .
The economy of Tibet is dominated by subsistence agriculture , though tourism has become a growing industry in recent decades .
However , it is unclear whether or not antibiotics cause obesity in humans .
He or she is a member of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ; names the members of the Democratic Leadership Council ; chairs the Policy Committee ; and heads the Steering Committee .
Seminoles harbored runaway blacks , known as the Black Seminoles , and clashes between whites and Indians grew with the influx of new settlers .
As of 2015 [ update ] , Nigeria is the world 's 20th largest economy , worth more than $ 500 billion and $ 1 trillion in terms of nominal GDP and purchasing power parity respectively .
The test game was played in Rockford , Illinois , at the Rockford MetroCentre .
Most often these are claims , such as ineffective assistance of counsel , which requires the court to consider new evidence outside the original trial record , something courts may not do in an ordinary appeal .
Although racial and colonial definitions of the Middle East are no longer considered ideologically sound , the sentiment of unity persists .
The Daily Star had been launched in 1978 by Express Newspaper , and by 1981 had begun to affect sales of The Sun .
The Universidad Tecnológica de México is also in Mexico City .
As of 2011 , 235–330 million people worldwide are affected by asthma , and approximately 250,000–345,000 people die per year from the disease .
This `` subset '' of great powers – France , Germany , Japan , the United Kingdom and the United States – consider maintaining a `` state of peace '' as desirable .
Especially important to Hellenistic science was the city of Alexandria in Egypt , which became a major center of scientific research in the 3rd century BC .
Once Pan had the audacity to compare his music with that of Apollo , and to challenge Apollo , the god of the kithara , to a trial of skill .
Born on Corsica as the French invaded , and dying suspiciously on the tiny British Island of St. Helena , this brilliant commander , controlled a French Empire that , at its height , ruled a large portion of Europe directly from Paris , while many of his friends and family ruled countries such as Spain , Poland , several parts of Italy and many other Kingdoms Republics and dependencies .
These have included the New Haven Symphony Orchestra , the July Free Concerts on the Green in July , and the New Haven Jazz Festival in August .
There was still no dividing line between artist , architect and engineer , or any of the related vocations , and the appellation was often one of regional preference .
Romanesque art , especially metalwork , was at its most sophisticated in Mosan art , in which distinct artistic personalities including Nicholas of Verdun ( d. 1205 ) become apparent , and an almost classical style is seen in works such as a font at Liège , contrasting with the writhing animals of the exactly contemporary Gloucester Candlestick .
Parque Batlle is named in honour of José Batlle y Ordóñez , President of Uruguay from 1911 to 1915 .
He was chiefly responsible for creating the Scientific Crime Detection Laboratory , or the FBI Laboratory , which officially opened in 1932 , as part of his work to professionalize investigations by the government .
Islington 's 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) long Upper Street , extending northwards from Angel , has more bars and restaurants than any other street in the United Kingdom .
Jacksonville is the most populous city in Florida , and the largest city by area in the contiguous United States .
As of 2013 [ update ] there are four Catholic grade schools and three Catholic high schools in the City of Detroit , with all of them in the city 's west side .
The small landowner-cultivators formed the majority of the Han tax base ; this revenue was threatened during the latter half of Eastern Han when many peasants fell into debt and were forced to work as farming tenants for wealthy landlords .
The Space Race was a 20th-century competition between two Cold War rivals , the Soviet Union ( USSR ) and the United States ( US ) , for supremacy in spaceflight capability .
There has been a persistent confusion between the several uses of the terms : philanthropic humanists look to what they consider their antecedents in critical thinking and human-centered philosophy among the Greek philosophers and the great figures of Renaissance history ; and scholarly humanists stress the linguistic and cultural disciplines needed to understand and interpret these philosophers and artists .
The Greek historian Herodotus knew of the Jews , whom he called `` Palestinian Syrians '' , and listed them among the levied naval forces in service of the invading Persians .
Oleg has the horse sequestered , and it later dies .
This is probably due to the long-standing influence of the Tibetan empire , whose rule embraced ( and extended at times far beyond ) the present Tibetan linguistic area , which runs from northern Pakistan in the west to Yunnan and Sichuan in the east , and from north of Qinghai Lake south as far as Bhutan .
Experience with copper has assisted the development of other metals ; in particular , copper smelting led to the discovery of iron smelting .
London has been the setting for films including Oliver Twist ( 1948 ) , Scrooge ( 1951 ) , Peter Pan ( 1953 ) , The 101 Dalmatians ( 1961 ) , My Fair Lady ( 1964 ) , Mary Poppins ( 1964 ) , Blowup ( 1966 ) , The Long Good Friday ( 1980 ) , Notting Hill ( 1999 ) , Love Actually ( 2003 ) , V For Vendetta ( 2005 ) , Sweeney Todd : The Demon Barber Of Fleet Street ( 2008 ) and The King 's Speech ( 2010 ) .
La Encantada , an upscale outdoor shopping mall , is also in the Foothills .
In the Western Balkans , South Slavs and Germanic Gepids intermarried with Avar invaders , eventually producing a Slavicized population .
The Saint Helena cricket team made its debut in international cricket in Division Three of the African region of the World Cricket League in 2011 .
The Scientific Revolution is traditionally held by most historians to have begun in 1543 , when the books De humani corporis fabrica ( On the Workings of the Human Body ) by Andreas Vesalius , and also De Revolutionibus , by the astronomer Nicolaus Copernicus , were first printed .
To fill this gap in the literature , mandolin orchestras have traditionally played many arrangements of music written for regular orchestras or other ensembles .
The countries of the former empires of the 19th century have in general abandoned the term and the subdivision in favor of Middle East , North Africa and various forms of Asia .
Buckingham Palace finally became the principal royal residence in 1837 , on the accession of Queen Victoria , who was the first monarch to reside there ; her predecessor William IV had died before its completion .
The 44th-most populated city proper in the United States , with a population of 430,332 , it is the principal , central , and most populous city of the Miami metropolitan area , and the second most populous metropolis in the Southeastern United States after Washington , D.C .
Their leading-edge ideas of speed-oriented offensive tank warfare were strongly discouraged by superiors , who considered the new approach too radical and preferred to continue using tanks in a strictly supportive role for the infantry .
A common practice was to identify Greek gods with native gods that had similar characteristics and this created new fusions like Zeus-Ammon , Aphrodite Hagne ( a Hellenized Atargatis ) and Isis-Demeter .
The company was allowed to maintain its virtual monopoly over trade in exchange for the biennial sum and was obligated to export a minimum quantity of goods yearly to Britain .
In Spain , high courts can not create binding precedents ; however , lower rank courts usually observe Supreme Court interpretations .
The head of state of Delhi is the Lieutenant Governor of the Union Territory of Delhi , appointed by the President of India on the advice of the Central government and the post is largely ceremonial , as the Chief Minister of the Union Territory of Delhi is the head of government and is vested with most of the executive powers .
The Asmara–Massawa Cableway was the longest line in the world during its time , but was later dismantled by the British in World War II .
Service was compulsory for all of men of military age , and thus Prussia and its North and South German allies could mobilise and field some 1,000,000 soldiers in time of war .
For example , the Costa Book Awards are awarded to authors resident in the UK or Ireland .
New Haven 's best-known geographic features are its large deep harbor , and two reddish basalt trap rock ridges which rise to the northeast and northwest of the city core .
These islands , which he named `` Los Pintados '' , may have been Ujelang .
An army uprising in May 1998 led to the Guinea-Bissau Civil War and the president 's ousting in June 1999 .
However , when the first captives were brought to the Americas , they were often combined with other groups from West Africa , and individual ethnic affiliations were not generally acknowledged by English colonists .
He also received the US Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1991 from President George H. W. Bush .
In Everson v. Board of Education ( 1947 ) , Justice Hugo Black wrote : `` In the words of Thomas Jefferson , the clause against establishment of religion by law was intended to erect a wall of separation between church and state . ''
New York City has over 28,000 acres ( 110 km2 ) of municipal parkland and 14 miles ( 23 km ) of public beaches .
Both are controlled by the City of London Corporation .
In contrast to `` Latino '' or `` Hispanic '' , `` Anglo '' refers to non-Hispanic White Americans or non-Hispanic European Americans , most of whom speak the English language but are not necessarily of English descent .
Although they affiliated the university with the Methodist Episcopal Church , they were committed to non-sectarian admissions , believing that Northwestern should serve all people in the newly developing territory .
Akira Hirakawa notes the `` evidence suggests that many Early Mahayana scriptures originated in South India . ''
A minority leader from 1931 to 1939 , Representative Bertrand Snell , R-N.Y. , provided this `` job description '' : `` He is spokesman for his party and enunciates its policies .
Midwestern groups such as Pere Ubu and Devo drew inspiration from the region 's derelict industrial environments , employing conceptual art techniques , musique concrète and unconventional verbal styles that would presage the post-punk movement by several years .
The practice of issuing albums does not seem to have been widely taken up by other record companies for many years ; however , HMV provided an album , with a pictorial cover , for the 1917 recording of The Mikado ( Gilbert & Sullivan ) .
In 1986 , the Compact of Free Association with the United States entered into force , granting the Republic of the Marshall Islands ( RMI ) its sovereignty .
The most common Persian word is Masīhī ( مسیحی ) , from Arabic. , Other words are Nasrānī ( نصرانی ) , from Syriac for `` Nazarene '' , and Tarsā ( ترسا ) , from Middle Persian word Tarsāg , also meaning `` Christian '' , derived from tars , meaning `` fear , respect '' .
Therefore , federal agencies are authorized to promulgate regulations .
In the Tang and Song dynasties , Nanjing was a place where poets gathered and composed poems reminiscent of its luxurious past ; during the Ming and Qing dynasties , the city was the official imperial examination centre ( Jiangnan Examination Hall ) for the Jiangnan region , again acting as a hub where different thoughts and opinions converged and thrived .
It is possible that other distinct dialect groups were already in existence during this period .
PAL consoles face another incompatibility when playing out-of-region cartridges : the NTSC video standard specifies video at 60 Hz while PAL operates at 50 Hz , resulting in approximately 16.7 % slower gameplay .
Hera sent the serpent to hunt Leto to her death across the world .
When not dressed in Westernized clothing such as jeans and t-shirts , Somali men typically wear the macawis , which is a sarong-like garment worn around the waist .
From 1879 , Watch Tower supporters gathered as autonomous congregations to study the Bible topically .
In 2012 , a number of high-profile cases highlighted the legal and community attitude that identifying as Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander is not dependent on skin colour , with a well-known boxer Anthony Mundine being widely criticised for questioning the `` blackness '' of another boxer and journalist Andrew Bolt being successfully sued for publishing discriminatory comments about Aboriginals with light skin .
In the 2008–09 season , they won all three major English trophies – the FA Women 's Premier League , FA Women 's Cup and FA Women 's Premier League Cup , and , as of 2009 , were the only English side to have won the UEFA Women 's Cup , having done so in the 2006–07 season as part of a unique quadruple .
Following the dissolution of the Chalukya empire into four parts in the 11th century , Golkonda came under the control of the Kakatiya dynasty from 1158 , whose seat of power was at Warangal , 148 km ( 92 mi ) northeast of modern Hyderabad .
He also had long-term plans for mass-scale industrialization of the largely agricultural province .
The most famous of these is the Laas Geel complex , which contains some of the earliest known rock art on the African continent and features many elaborate pastoralist sketches of animal and human figures .
On July 16 Parliament overwhelmingly approved the Declaration on State Sovereignty of Ukraine - with a vote of 355 in favour and four against .
Most feature movies shown during the prime time and early overnight hours ( 8:00 p.m. to 2:30 a.m. Eastern Time ) are presented by film historian Robert Osborne ( who has been with the network since its 1994 launch , except for a five-month medical leave from July to December 2011 , when guest hosts presented each night 's films ) on Sunday through Wednesday evenings – with Osborne only presenting primetime films on weekends – and Ben Mankiewicz presenting only late evening films on Thursdays , and the `` Silent Sunday Nights '' and `` TCM Imports '' blocks on Sundays .
Cotton is used to make a number of textile products .
When Qing forces led by Zeng Guofan retook the city in 1864 , a massive slaughter occurred in the city with over 100,000 estimated to have committed suicide or fought to the death .
Eritrea denied the claims .
These include traders and merchants of mixed Portuguese and Chinese ancestry from Macau , a former Asian Portuguese colony .
This prompted an unsuccessful bid by Britain in 1956 to buy back the Somali lands it had turned over .
According to certain traditions , Abu Hashim died in 717 in Humeima in the house of Muhammad ibn Ali , the head of the Abbasid family , and before dying named Muhammad ibn Ali as his successor .
The Tangut Empire was especially efficient in such efforts ; exploiting the then newly invented block printing , and with the full support of the government ( contemporary sources describe the Emperor and his mother personally contributing to the translation effort , alongside sages of various nationalities ) , the Tanguts took mere decades to translate volumes that had taken the Chinese centuries to render .
When not dressed in Westernized clothing such as jeans and t-shirts , Somali men typically wear the macawis , which is a sarong-like garment worn around the waist .
Female chaffinches Fringilla coelebs in Eastern Fennoscandia migrate earlier in the autumn than males do .
Real GDP growth since 2001 has averaged 2.8 % , nearly 2 percentage points lower than growth in other Southern African Customs Union ( SACU ) member countries .
The earliest recorded account of a circadian process dates from the 4th century B.C.E. , when Androsthenes , a ship captain serving under Alexander the Great , described diurnal leaf movements of the tamarind tree .
Nasser also ordered blockage of the canal by sinking or otherwise disabling forty-nine ships at its entrance .
In October 2009 , Sony Computer Entertainment and Netflix announced that the Netflix streaming service would also be available on PlayStation 3 in the United States .
Microscopic projections from the midgut wall , called microvilli , increase the surface area of the wall and allow more nutrients to be absorbed ; they tend to be close to the origin of the midgut .
Charleston is also the location for the only college in the country that offers bachelor 's degrees in the building arts , The American College of the Building Arts .
The Oppidan Houses are named Godolphin House , Jourdelay 's , ( both built as such c. 1720 ) , Hawtrey House , Durnford House , ( the first two built as such by the Provost and Fellows , 1845 , when the school was increasing in numbers and needed more centralised control ) , The Hopgarden , South Lawn , Waynflete , Evans 's , Keate House , Warre House , Villiers House , Common Lane House , Penn House , Walpole House , Cotton Hall , Wotton House , Holland House , Mustians , Angelo 's , Manor House , Farrer House , Baldwin 's Bec , The Timbralls , and Westbury .
The Byzantine recovery of lost provinces began toward the end of the 8th century and most of the Greek peninsula came under imperial control again , in stages , during the 9th century .
An ancient canal once flowed from Nagarjuna hill through Balaju to Kathmandu ; this canal is now extinct .
West began an on-and-off relationship with designer Alexis Phifer in 2002 , and they became engaged in August 2006 .
Recently , Ken Nordtvedt has split I2a2 into two clades – N ( northern ) and S ( southern ) , in relation where they arose compared to Danube river .
The geographic features of Rajasthan are the Thar Desert and the Aravalli Range , which runs through the state from southwest to northeast , almost from one end to the other , for more than 850 kilometres ( 530 mi ) .
As it underlines the Germanic roots of the region , it was replaced in 1949 by a new `` Union jack-like '' flag representing the union of the two déprtements .
However , the controllers included with the Famicom AV had cables which were 90 cm ( 3 feet ) long , as opposed to the standard 180 cm ( 6 feet ) of NES controllers .
In Presbyterian and Reformed churches , canon law is known as `` practice and procedure '' or `` church order '' , and includes the church 's laws respecting its government , discipline , legal practice and worship .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city had a total area of 17.037 square miles ( 44.125 km2 ) , including 10.747 square miles ( 27.835 km2 ) of land and 6.290 square miles ( 16.290 km2 ) of water ( 36.92 % ) .
A logic gate consists of up to about twenty transistors whereas an advanced microprocessor , as of 2009 , can use as many as 3 billion transistors ( MOSFETs ) .
According to Kerry and the two crewmen who accompanied him that night , Patrick Runyon and William Zaladonis , they surprised a group of Vietnamese men unloading sampans at a river crossing , who began running and failed to obey an order to stop .
Orthodox men wear a skullcap known as a kipa and often fringes called `` tzitzit '' .
Britain and France believed that war could still be avoided , and that the Soviet Union , weakened by the Great Purge , could not be a main military participant , a point that many military sources were at variance with , especially Soviet victories over the Japanese Kwantung army on the Manchurian frontier .
African slaves brought knowledge of rice cultivation , which plantation owners cultivated and developed as a successful commodity crop by 1700 .
Since the Second Council of Orange against semi-pelagianism , the Catholic Church has taught that even had man never sinned in the Garden of Eden and was sinless , he would still require God 's grace to remain sinless .
In particular , the La Jolla and nearby Sorrento Valley areas are home to offices and research facilities for numerous biotechnology companies .
Instead they extract more nutrition from grass by giving their food a second pass through the gut .
Spielberg also said he suffered from acts of anti-Semitic prejudice and bullying : `` In high school , I got smacked and kicked around .
The accomplished and awarded writers ( poets , novelists , dramatists , nonfiction writers ) who have lived in Tucson include Edward Abbey , Erskine Caldwell , Barbara Kingsolver and David Foster Wallace .
Napoleon ultimately took a retrograde step in 1812 when he passed legislation to introduce the mesures usuelles ( traditional units of measurement ) for retail trade—a system of measure that resembled the pre-revolutionary units but were based on the kilogram and the metre ; for example the livre metrique ( metric pound ) was 500 g instead of 489.5 g—the value of the livre du roi ( the king 's pound ) .
Chopin 's life was covered in a BBC TV documentary Chopin – The Women Behind The Music ( 2010 ) , and in a 2010 documentary realised by Angelo Bozzolini and Roberto Prosseda for Italian television .
Armour continued to advance , spurred by the increasing power of crossbows , and plate armour was developed to protect soldiers from crossbows as well as the hand-held guns that were developed .
Some 3,200 short-term visitors arrived on the island in 2013 .
The cheerful crowds visiting bomb sites were so large they interfered with rescue work , pub visits increased in number ( beer was never rationed ) , and 13,000 attended cricket at Lord 's .
In one letter to his friend and former student Bertrand Russell , after discussing whether science aimed to be explanatory or merely descriptive , he wrote : `` This further question lands us in the ocean of metaphysic , onto which my profound ignorance of that science forbids me to enter . ''
In Newcastle is the NBS , the National Building Specification , which has 130 staff and deals with the building regulations and the Construction Information Service .
It is limited to the three counties of southeastern Arizona ( Pima , Santa Cruz , and Cochise ) The major television networks serving Tucson are : KVOA 4 ( NBC ) , KGUN 9 ( ABC ) , KMSB-TV 11 ( Fox ) , KOLD-TV 13 ( CBS ) , KTTU 18 ( My Network TV ) and KWBA 58 ( The CW ) .
BBC Television returned on 7 June 1946 at 15:00 .
Indeed , in 2013 a claim of a Kiribati man of being a `` climate change refugee '' under the Convention relating to the Status of Refugees ( 1951 ) was determined by the New Zealand High Court to be untenable as there was no persecution or serious harm related to any of the five stipulated Refugee Convention grounds .
Environmental sustainability has become a mainstream issue , with profound effect on the architectural profession .
Rolling Stone reported that the music industry was urging them to return the money they earned for the concerts ; a spokesperson for Beyoncé later confirmed to The Huffington Post that she donated the money to the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund .
Minoru Yamasaki designed the Federal Reserve Building which dominates the downtown skyline .
U.S. President Barack Obama stated that it meant that `` the shadow of tyranny over Libya has been lifted , '' while UK Prime Minister David Cameron stated that he was `` proud '' of his country 's role in overthrowing `` this brutal dictator '' .
In 1983 , the International Telecommunication Union 's radio telecommunications sector ( ITU-R ) set up a working party ( IWP11/6 ) with the aim of setting a single international HDTV standard .
In 2012 , news was released about a new farming site discovered in Munam-ri , Goseong , Gangwon Province , South Korea , which may be the earliest farmland known to date in east Asia .
However , there have been cases in the past of artistic depictions representing living creatures , such as certain ancient rock paintings in northern Somalia , the golden birds on the Mogadishan canopies , and the plant decorations on religious tombs in southern Somalia .
`` a party can not add a reservation after it has already joined a treaty '' .
These four countries were referred as the `` Four Policemen '' of the Allies and considered as the primary victors of World War II .
Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , a Harvard-trained economist and former Minister of Finance , was elected as the first female president in Africa .
Due to its highly indented coastline and numerous islands , Greece has the 11th longest coastline in the world with 13,676 km ( 8,498 mi ) ; its land boundary is 1,160 km ( 721 mi ) .
On 16 September 2001 , at Camp David , President George W. Bush used the phrase war on terrorism in an unscripted and controversial comment when he said , `` This crusade – this war on terrorism – is going to take a while , ... `` Bush later apologized for this remark due to the negative connotations the term crusade has to people , e.g .
The binary division altered the separate status of the traditionally free people of color in Louisiana , for instance , although they maintained a strong Louisiana Créole culture related to French culture and language , and practice of Catholicism .
The Neuropterida are often lumped or split on the whims of the taxonomist .
In addition , the city has about 160 museums—the world 's greatest single metropolitan concentration —over 100 art galleries , and some 30 concert halls , all of which maintain a constant cultural activity during the whole year .
In 1961 , Tito co-founded the movement with Egypt 's Gamal Abdel Nasser , India 's Jawaharlal Nehru , Indonesia 's Sukarno and Ghana 's Kwame Nkrumah , in an action called The Initiative of Five ( Tito , Nehru , Nasser , Sukarno , Nkrumah ) , thus establishing strong ties with third world countries .
Other 19th century neoclassical buildings include RNH Bighi ( 1832 ) , St Paul 's Pro-Cathedral ( 1844 ) , the Rotunda of Mosta ( 1860 ) and the now destroyed Royal Opera House ( 1866 ) .
Similarly , in smaller scale circuits , the spark may not be enough to damage the switch but will still radiate undesirable radio frequency interference ( RFI ) , which a filter capacitor absorbs .
Primitive greenhouses were first used during Roman times to produce cucumbers year-round for the Roman emperor Tiberius .
In 1977 , the Supreme Court 's Coker v. Georgia decision barred the death penalty for rape of an adult woman , and implied that the death penalty was inappropriate for any offense against another person other than murder .
However , royal assent is usually granted less ceremonially by letters patent .
Rousseau said that people join into civil society via the social contract to achieve unity while preserving individual freedom .
As many as 10,000 escaped slaves crowded into the city during the British occupation .
Hunting and gathering was humanity 's first and most successful adaptation , occupying at least 90 percent of human history .
Other countries codified their laws ; legal codes were promulgated in Castile , Poland , and Lithuania .
A knot ( when the base of a side branch ) is conical in shape ( hence the roughly circular cross-section ) with the inner tip at the point in stem diameter at which the plant 's vascular cambium was located when the branch formed as a bud .
However , the written script was and remains adapted to the literary form , which is based on classical Chinese , not the vernacular and spoken form .
She and her clients are portrayed as undermining the natural order of gods , mankind and destiny .
Burke was not merely presenting a peace agreement to Parliament ; rather , he stepped forward with four reasons against using force , carefully reasoned .
The team that has scored more goals at the end of the game is the winner ; if both teams have scored an equal number of goals then the game is a draw .
In the PAL region , which covers most of Africa , Asia , Europe , and Oceania , Twilight Princess is the best-selling entry in the Zelda series .
In 2012 , immigration controls were relaxed with the introduction of an Unrestricted Entry Permit for all Australian and New Zealand citizens upon arrival and the option to apply for residency ; the only criteria are to pass a police check and be able to pay into the local health scheme .
Contemporary Christian music ( CCM ) has several subgenres , one being `` Christian AC '' .
The Pali and Bhilwara District produces more cloth than Bhiwandi , Maharashtra and the bhilwara is the largest city in suitings production and export and Pali is largest city in cotton and polyster in blouse pieces and rubia production and export .
Since 1964 , the NHPRC has awarded some 4,500 grants .
However , some encoders such as LAME can attach additional metadata that will allow players that can handle it to deliver seamless playback .
[ citation needed ] Of the $ 100 million , $ 50 million will go toward development projects , $ 25 million will go toward city blight removal , $ 12.5 million will go for job training , $ 7 million will go for small businesses in the city , and $ 5.5 million will go toward the M-1 light rail project .
The youths tried to seize a police station and a water-supply station .
As of 2013 , the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt .
Randy Jackson did not return as the in-house mentor for this season .
TCM regularly airs a `` Star of the Month '' throughout the year on Wednesdays starting at 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time , in which most , if not all , feature films from a classic film star are shown during that night 's schedule .
Marshal MacMahon , now closest to Wissembourg , spread his four divisions over 20 miles ( 32 km ) to react to any Prussian invasion .
Although it is not known exactly when Chopin first met Liszt after arriving in Paris , on 12 December 1831 he mentioned in a letter to his friend Woyciechowski that `` I have met Rossini , Cherubini , Baillot , etc.—also Kalkbrenner .
A red penalty card is issued to a player who commits a serious infraction : the player is immediately disqualified from further play and his team must continue with one less player for the game 's duration .
The players , teachers and composers included Giovanni Fouchetti , Eduardo Mezzacapo , Gabriele Leon , and Gervasio .
Tucson is situated on an alluvial plain in the Sonoran desert , surrounded by five minor ranges of mountains : the Santa Catalina Mountains and the Tortolita Mountains to the north , the Santa Rita Mountains to the south , the Rincon Mountains to the east , and the Tucson Mountains to the west .
Despite the lack of a categorical counterindication , the belief that alcohol and antibiotics should never be mixed is widespread .
The amendment introduces the concept of incorporation of all relevant federal rights against the states .
Sampel explains that canon law has significant influence in contemporary society .
The following decade is known as the Nanking decade .
When it was discovered a Peruvian program had been engaged in carrying out coercive sterilizations , UNFPA called for reforms and protocols to protect the rights of women seeking assistance .
On 13 March 2015 , several members of the cast and crew , including Craig , Whishaw , Wilson and Mendes , as well as previous James Bond actor , Sir Roger Moore , appeared in a sketch written by David Walliams and the Dawson Brothers for Comic Relief 's Red Nose Day on BBC One .
The forms of practical capacitors vary widely , but all contain at least two electrical conductors ( plates ) separated by a dielectric ( i.e .
In the 1960s a small renaissance or golden age accompanied the growth of professional dinner theaters and the fostering of theater by the Virginia Museum , reaching a peak in the 1970s with the establishment of a resident Equity company at the Virginia Museum Theater ( now the Leslie Cheek ) and the birth of Theatre IV , a company that continues to this day .
His work goes on to state that a building is not truly a work of architecture unless it is in some way `` adorned '' .
On 2 February 2000 , Philippe Binant realised the first digital cinema projection in Europe , with the DLP CINEMA technology developed by Texas Instruments , in Paris .
This can cause electrolytic damage and even arcing if the tunnel segments are not electrically bonded together .
But by the 1940s , many of Boas ' anthropologist contemporaries were active in the allied war effort against the `` Axis '' ( Nazi Germany , Fascist Italy , and Imperial Japan ) .
It generally has a larger variety and amount of woodwind and brass instruments than the orchestra but does not have a string section .
Across London , Black and Asian children outnumber White British children by about six to four in state schools .
The independence of the jury is vital to the fair conduct of a competition .
Building on a catchphrase from the sketch `` Hans and Franz '' from Saturday Night Live ( which partly parodied his bodybuilding career ) , Schwarzenegger called the Democratic State politicians `` girlie men '' .
Absolute idealism is G. W. F. Hegel 's account of how existence is comprehensible as an all-inclusive whole .
The film was made for $ 500 , most of which came from his father , and was shown in a local cinema for one evening , which earned back its cost .
Nearly 60 % of Pakistan 's population lives in the Punjab .
Though the process had begun with the invention of the cyclotron by Ernest O. Lawrence in the 1930s , physics in the postwar period entered into a phase of what historians have called `` Big Science '' , requiring massive machines , budgets , and laboratories in order to test their theories and move into new frontiers .
In February 2016 , it was confirmed by BBC Worldwide that Keeping Up Appearances is the corporation 's most exported television programme , being sold nearly 1000 times to overseas broadcasters .
In early modern times , cardinals often had important roles in secular affairs .
A series of expeditions to St. John 's by Portuguese from the Azores took place in the early 16th century , and by 1540 French , Spanish and Portuguese ships crossed the Atlantic annually to fish the waters off the Avalon Peninsula .
65 % of the population was fluent in Russian in 2006 , and 38 % used it as the main language with family , friends or at work .
The inexpensive Francis ( 1950 ) , the first film of a series about a talking mule and Ma and Pa Kettle ( 1949 ) , part of a series , became mainstays of the company .
De Braose died in exile in 1211 , and his grandsons remained in prison until 1218 .
It was the first labor strike in Lviv since 1944 .
In the wake of the United States ' economic downturn and the legalization of gambling in adjacent and nearby states ( including Delaware , Maryland , New York , and Pennsylvania ) , four casino closures took place in 2014 : the Atlantic Club on January 13 ; the Showboat on August 31 ; the Revel , which was Atlantic City 's second-newest casino , on September 2 ; and Trump Plaza , which originally opened in 1984 , and was the poorest performing casino in the city , on September 16 .
Shorter , black-and-white daily strips began to appear early in the 20th century , and became established in newspapers after the success in 1907 of Bud Fisher 's Mutt and Jeff .
His 1967 article analyzes the inaugural speech of John F. Kennedy : `` Considering the separation of church and state , how is a president justified in using the word 'God ' at all ?
1,500 V DC is used in the Netherlands , Japan , Republic Of Indonesia , Hong Kong ( parts ) , Republic of Ireland , Australia ( parts ) , India ( around the Mumbai area alone , has been converted to 25 kV AC like the rest of India ) , France ( also using 25 kV 50 Hz AC ) , New Zealand ( Wellington ) and the United States ( Chicago area on the Metra Electric district and the South Shore Line interurban line ) .
A female dragon named Delphyne ( δελφύς , `` womb '' ) , who is obviously connected with Delphi and Apollo Delphinios , and a male serpent Typhon ( τύφειν , `` to smoke '' ) , the adversary of Zeus in the Titanomachy , who the narrators confused with Python .
It is the second-largest city in Connecticut ( after Bridgeport ) , with a population of 129,779 people as of the 2010 United States Census .
Culture allows identification of infectious organisms by examining their microscopic features , by detecting the presence of substances produced by pathogens , and by directly identifying an organism by its genotype .
A group of seven companies began the development of USB in 1994 : Compaq , DEC , IBM , Intel , Microsoft , NEC , and Nortel .
Often small panels called emblemata were inserted into walls or as the highlights of larger floor-mosaics in coarser work .
The Kingsbridge Armory , often cited as the largest armory in the world , is scheduled for redevelopment as the Kingsbridge National Ice Center .
Ibn Sina created an extensive corpus of works during what is commonly known as the Islamic Golden Age , in which the translations of Greco-Roman , Persian , and Indian texts were studied extensively .
Computer security , also known as cybersecurity or IT security , is the protection of information systems from theft or damage to the hardware , the software , and to the information on them , as well as from disruption or misdirection of the services they provide .
As of August 2011 , the metro consists of six operational lines with a total length of 189 km ( 117 mi ) and 146 stations , and several other lines are under construction .
For example , the use of antibodies made artificially fluorescent ( fluorescently labeled antibodies ) can be directed to bind to and identify a specific antigens present on a pathogen .
The principal battles of the stalemate include the Battle of Bloody Ridge ( 18 August–15 September 1951 ) , the Battle of the Punchbowl ( 31 August-21 September 1951 ) , the Battle of Heartbreak Ridge ( 13 September–15 October 1951 ) , the Battle of Old Baldy ( 26 June–4 August 1952 ) , the Battle of White Horse ( 6–15 October 1952 ) , the Battle of Triangle Hill ( 14 October–25 November 1952 ) , the Battle of Hill Eerie ( 21 March–21 June 1952 ) , the sieges of Outpost Harry ( 10–18 June 1953 ) , the Battle of the Hook ( 28–29 May 1953 ) , the Battle of Pork Chop Hill ( 23 March–16 July 1953 ) , and the Battle of Kumsong ( 13–27 July 1953 ) .
Of the four , mettā or loving-kindness meditation is perhaps the best known .
Bern has a population of 140,634 people and 34 % of the population are resident foreign nationals .
The concept of the `` family monarchy '' , with which the burgeoning middle classes could identify , was solidified .
Once regarded as plants constituting the class Schizomycetes , bacteria are now classified as prokaryotes .
In addition , the country has several unique , more or less preserved hill forts dating from pre-Christian times , a large number of still intact medieval castles and churches , while the countryside is still shaped by the presence of a vast number of manor houses from earlier centuries .
Miami is also a major music recording center , with the Sony Music Latin and Universal Music Latin Entertainment headquarters in the city , along with many other smaller record labels .
Further developments include new lignin glue applications , recyclable food packaging , rubber tire replacement applications , anti-bacterial medical agents , and high strength fabrics or composites .
The urban area of the Kathmandu valley is split among three different districts ( collections of local government units within a zone ) which extend very little beyond the valley fringe , except towards the southern ranges , which have comparatively small population .
He passed the Public Worship Regulation Act 1874 , which removed Catholic rituals from the Anglican liturgy and which Victoria strongly supported .
In February 2012 , Capello resigned from his role as England manager , following a disagreement with the FA over their request to remove John Terry from team captaincy after accusations of racial abuse concerning the player .
The Sui-Yu Expressway is a four lane overpass with a speed limit of 80 km/h ( 50 mph ) .
The city is named after the Christian saint , Monica .
On 26 March 2014 Abdel Fattah el-Sisi the head of the Egyptian Armed Forces , who at this time was in control of the country , resigned from the military , announcing he would stand as a candidate in the 2014 presidential election .
The Time Warner Cable Music Pavilion at Walnut Creek hosts major international touring acts .
He also learned to fly , making a solo flight over the Philippines in 1937 and obtained his private pilot 's license in 1939 at Fort Lewis .
In the Iron Age I period ( 1200–1000 BCE ) Israelite culture was largely Canaanite in nature .
Uranium is a chemical element with symbol U and atomic number 92 .
In 2003 , the ICZN ruled in its Opinion 2027 that if wild animals and their domesticated derivatives are regarded as one species , then the scientific name of that species is the scientific name of the wild animal .
While originally related to skin colour , the term is used to today to indicate Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander ancestry in general and can refer to people of any skin pigmentation .
This leaves less room for practices such as improvisation and ad libitum ornamentation , which are frequently heard in non-European art music and in popular music styles such as jazz and blues .
Rosell signed David Villa from Valencia for €40 million and Javier Mascherano from Liverpool for €19 million .
Information resources may contain hyperlinks to other information resources .
Though practitioners of religious humanism did not officially organise under the name of `` humanism '' until the late 19th and early 20th centuries , non-theistic religions paired with human-centred ethical philosophy have a long history .
Selfridge attracted shoppers with educational and scientific exhibits ; – in 1909 , Louis Blériot 's monoplane was exhibited at Selfridges ( Blériot was the first to fly over the English Channel ) , and the first public demonstration of television by John Logie Baird took place in the department store in 1925 .
In contrast to the other courts of England the law used in ecclesiastical matters is at least partially a civil law system , not common law , although heavily governed by parliamentary statutes .
He also observed : `` The Japanese are much braver and more warlike than the people of China , Korea , Ternate and all of the other nations around the Philippines . ''
Twenty-one countries of the United Nations eventually contributed to the defense of South Korea , with the United States providing 88 % of the UN 's military personnel .
In 1562 at the Sejm in Piotrków they would force the magnates to return many leased crown lands to the king , and the king to create a standing army ( wojsko kwarciane ) .
In July British Major General Edward Braddock led about 2,000 army troops and provincial militia on an expedition to retake Fort Duquesne , but the expedition ended in disastrous defeat .
The show debuted in 2001 in Britain with Lythgoe as showrunner‍—‌the executive producer and production leader‍—‌and Simon Cowell as one of the judges , and was a big success with the viewing public .
On May 30 , 2006 , Taylor Hicks was named American Idol , with Katharine McPhee the runner-up .
The communities of South San Diego , such as San Ysidro and Otay Mesa , are located next to the Mexico–United States border , and are physically separated from the rest of the city by the cities of National City and Chula Vista .
The Times is the first newspaper to have borne that name , lending it to numerous other papers around the world , including The Times of India ( founded in 1838 ) , The Straits Times ( Singapore ) ( 1845 ) , The New York Times ( 1851 ) , The Irish Times ( 1859 ) , Le Temps ( France ) ( 1861-1942 ) , the Cape Times ( South Africa ) ( 1872 ) , the Los Angeles Times ( 1881 ) , The Seattle Times ( 1891 ) , The Manila Times ( 1898 ) , The Daily Times ( Malawi ) ( 1900 ) , El Tiempo ( Colombia ) ( 1911 ) , The Canberra Times ( 1926 ) , and The Times ( Malta ) ( 1935 ) .
Often , large multinational corporations exhibit vertical integration , participating in a broad range of drug discovery and development , manufacturing and quality control , marketing , sales , and distribution .
The city is the economic and cultural anchor of a substantially larger metropolitan area called Greater Boston , home to 4.7 million people and the tenth-largest metropolitan statistical area in the country .
In conformation shows , also referred to as breed shows , a judge familiar with the specific dog breed evaluates individual purebred dogs for conformity with their established breed type as described in the breed standard .
The failure of the agreement led rapidly to the First Barons ' War .
Research has , however , pointed to significantly less absenteeism from school through sickness among children who live with pets . ''
That allows them to be distinguished from the regional varieties of modern standard German .
A diverse range of indigenous cultures exist in Myanmar , the majority culture is primarily Buddhist and Bamar .
Taking note of the high number of Chinese supporters , Ted Quinlan , head of the Canberra torch relay committee , said : `` We did n't expect this reaction from the Chinese community .
In South Africa , the period of colonization resulted in many unions and marriages between European men and African women from various tribes , resulting in mixed-race children .
On 20 September 2001 , during a televised address to a joint session of congress , Bush stated that , `` ( o ) ur 'war on terror ' begins with al-Qaeda , but it does not end there .
Examples include a concert on 23 March 1833 , in which Chopin , Liszt and Hiller performed ( on pianos ) a concerto by J.S .
Islanders speak both English and a creole language known as Norfuk , a blend of 18th-century English and Tahitian .
Standard Capital 's J. Cheever Cowdin had taken over as president and chairman of the board of directors , and instituted severe cuts in production budgets .
A few insects , such as members of the families Poduridae and Onychiuridae ( Collembola ) , Mycetophilidae ( Diptera ) and the beetle families Lampyridae , Phengodidae , Elateridae and Staphylinidae are bioluminescent .
The Church of the Holy Apostles in Thessaloniki was built in 1310–14 .
While pursuing his PhD at Princeton , Feynman married his high school sweetheart , Arline Greenbaum ( often misspelled `` Arlene '' ) , despite the knowledge that she was seriously ill with tuberculosis—an incurable disease at the time .
The electrolysis of water is a simple method of producing hydrogen .
In late 1977 , music writers for Sounds first used the terms `` New Musick '' and `` post punk '' to describe British acts such as Siouxsie and the Banshees and Wire , who began experimenting with sounds , lyrics and aesthetics that differed significantly from their punk contemporaries .
Mimicry is a related phenomenon where an organism has a similar appearance to another species .
It wrote in a report to the State Department that it found `` no evidence that UNFPA has supported or participated in the management of a program of coercive abortion or involuntary sterilization in China , '' as has been charged by critics .
Nevertheless , he refused .
Japan and Germany are great powers too , though due to their large advanced economies ( having the third and fourth largest economies respectively ) rather than their strategic and hard power capabilities ( i.e. , the lack of permanent seats and veto power on the UN Security Council or strategic military reach ) .
It has been said that GE got into computer manufacturing because in the 1950s they were the largest user of computers outside the United States federal government , aside from being the first business in the world to own a computer .
The wildcard round returned in season eight , wherein there were three groups of twelve , with three contestants moving forward – the highest male , the highest female , and the next highest-placed singer - for each night , and four wildcards were chosen by the judges to produce a final 13 .
The Balkan Wars were two wars in South-eastern Europe in 1912–1913 in the course of which the Balkan League ( Bulgaria , Montenegro , Greece , and Serbia ) first captured Ottoman-held remaining part of Thessaly , Macedonia , Epirus , Albania and most of Thrace and then fell out over the division of the spoils , with incorporation of Romania this time .
The first appearance of the term 'affirmative action ' was in the National Labor Relations Act , better known as the Wagner Act , of 1935.:15 Proposed and championed by U.S .
Oratory was an art to be practiced and learnt , and good orators commanded respect .
Kurita 's force had begun the battle with five battleships ; when he returned to Japan , only Yamato was combat-worthy .
Nanjing ( listen ; Chinese : 南京 , `` Southern Capital '' ) is the city situated in the heartland of lower Yangtze River region in China , which has long been a major centre of culture , education , research , politics , economy , transport networks and tourism .
For example , height measured to the withers ranges from 15.2 centimetres ( 6.0 in ) in the Chihuahua to about 76 cm ( 30 in ) in the Irish Wolfhound ; color varies from white through grays ( usually called `` blue '' ) to black , and browns from light ( tan ) to dark ( `` red '' or `` chocolate '' ) in a wide variation of patterns ; coats can be short or long , coarse-haired to wool-like , straight , curly , or smooth .
Larger capacitors like electrolytics usually display the actual capacitance together with the unit ( for example , 220 μF ) .
This resulted in a great number of soldiers from Hanover eventually emigrating to Great Britain , where the King 's German Legion was formed .
Given the wide range of styles in classical music , from Medieval plainchant sung by monks to Classical and Romantic symphonies for orchestra from the 1700s and 1800s to avant-garde atonal compositions for solo piano from the 1900s , it is difficult to list characteristics that can be attributed to all works of that type .
Pascal Lissouba , who became Congo 's first elected president ( 1992–1997 ) during the period of multi-party democracy , attempted to implement economic reforms with IMF backing to liberalise the economy .
[ N 14 ] While working that summer in Brantford , Bell experimented with a `` phonautograph '' , a pen-like machine that could draw shapes of sound waves on smoked glass by tracing their vibrations .
Modern research suggests that apart from any other illnesses , he may also have suffered from temporal lobe epilepsy .
Similarly , as discussed in copper alloys in aquaculture , copper alloys have become important netting materials in the aquaculture industry because they are antimicrobial and prevent biofouling , even in extreme conditions and have strong structural and corrosion-resistant properties in marine environments .
Rebirths in the Ārūpyadhātu ( formless realms ) can be attained by only those who can meditate on the arūpajhānas , the highest object of meditation .
His short reign was described by later historians as the first reign of the so-called Southern Ming dynasty .
Estonia national basketball team previously participated in 1936 Summer Olympics , appeared in EuroBasket four times .
The greylag-derived birds are large and fleshy and used for meat , while the Chinese geese have smaller frames and are mainly used for egg production .
The town was the subject of an attempt by a separate company , the Didcot , Newbury and Southampton Railway , to open another rail route to the North in the 1880s and some building work , including a surviving embankment , was undertaken in the Hill Lane area .
Traditionally formed by men and now starting to be open to women , the different Carnival groups ( Murgas , Lubolos or Parodistas ) perform a kind of popular opera at the tablados , singing and dancing songs that generally relate to the social and political situation .
East 2nd Street begins just North of East Houston Street at Avenue C and also continues to Bowery .
Elements of the public sphere included : it was egalitarian , it discussed the domain of `` common concern , '' and argument was founded on reason .
Some of the leading art groups of China are based in Nanjing ; they include the Qianxian Dance Company , Nanjing Dance Company , Jiangsu Peking Opera Institute and Nanjing Xiaohonghua Art Company among others .
The San Diego Repertory Theatre at the Lyceum Theatres in Horton Plaza produces a variety of plays and musicals .
Established in 1955 , it is regarded as one of the best high schools in the country , blending a rigorous curriculum with strong extracurricular activities .
Having failed to achieve acceptance from any masonic governing body , she and Georges Martin started a mixed masonic lodge that actually worked masonic ritual .
By the 6th century BC , the Celtic La Tène culture was well established .
Research by the Henley Business School modelled the club 's value at £1.118 billion in 2015 , the second highest in the Premier League .
Author Matthew Bannister wrote that post-punk artists rejected the high cultural references of 1960s rock artists like the Beatles and Bob Dylan as well as paradigms that defined `` rock as progressive , as art , as 'sterile ' studio perfectionism ... by adopting an avant-garde aesthetic '' .
As the Xbox 360 uses a modified version of the UPnP AV protocol , some alternative UPnP servers such as uShare ( part of the GeeXboX project ) and MythTV can also stream media to the Xbox 360 , allowing for similar functionality from non-Windows servers .
[ n 7 ] Features shared with German include the survival of three grammatical genders—albeit with few grammatical consequences [ n 8 ] —as well as the use of modal particles , final-obstruent devoicing , and a similar word order .
On February 7 , 1987 , dozens of political prisoners were freed in the first group release since Khrushchev 's `` thaw '' in the mid-1950s .
This gives them a significant cushion against the global downturn .
Teams are ranked by total points , then goal difference , and then goals scored .
Outside of the Netherlands and Belgium , the dialect around the German town of Kleve ( South Guelderish ) both historically and genetically belongs to the Dutch language .
The network consists of six lines with a total length of 189.63 kilometres ( 117.83 miles ) with 142 stations , of which 35 are underground , five are at-grade , and the remainder are elevated .
Dell had a reputation as a company that relied upon supply chain efficiencies to sell established technologies at low prices , instead of being an innovator .
In 2015 , the system began its transition towards global coverage with the first launch of a new-generation of satellites , and the 17th one within the new system .
Megaliths found at Nabta Playa are overt examples of probably the world 's first known archaeoastronomy devices , predating Stonehenge by some 2,000 years .
Ethnic Egyptians are by far the largest ethnic group in the country , constituting 91 % of the total population .
As a by-product of photosynthesis , plants release oxygen into the atmosphere , a gas that is required by nearly all living things to carry out cellular respiration .
Spoleto Festival USA , held annually in late spring , has become one of the world 's major performing arts festivals .
Rajasthan is among the largest producers of edible oils in India and the second largest producer of oilseeds .
In music , popular local bands include The Five Stars , Penina o Tiafau and Punialava'a .
The names of the shapes may be slightly different in some regions .
The Expedition-1 is an independent upper stage capable of delivering one or more spacecraft into different orbits .
Although colloquially Delhi and New Delhi as names are used interchangeably to refer to the jurisdiction of NCT of Delhi , these are two distinct entities , and the latter is a small part of the former .
Although France expelled its original Jewish population in the Middle Ages , by the time of the French Revolution , there were two distinct Jewish populations .
including translations , is known as the Poincaré group .
In December 1979 , Queen played the opening night at the Concert for the People of Kampuchea in London , having accepted a request by the event 's organiser Paul McCartney .
Previous influxes among ethnic groups have been African-Americans in the postwar era , and Irish , Italian and ( to a lesser degree ) Slavic peoples in the prewar period .
Ecological problems , including deforestation , soil erosion , vermin and drought , led Governor Isaac Pyke to suggest in 1715 that the population be moved to Mauritius , but this was not acted upon and the company continued to subsidise the community because of the island 's strategic location .
Himachal is extremely rich in hydro electric resources .
The Lisa and Macintosh user interfaces were influenced by technology seen at Xerox PARC and were combined with the Macintosh group 's own ideas .
The unemployment rate increased from a low of 1.7 % in June 2000 to a peak of 4.4 % in December 2009 .
AAA battalions were also used to help suppress ground targets .
Testimony given to the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission by Richard M. Bowen III on events during his tenure as the Business Chief Underwriter for Correspondent Lending in the Consumer Lending Group for Citigroup ( where he was responsible for over 220 professional underwriters ) suggests that by the final years of the U.S. housing bubble ( 2006–2007 ) , the collapse of mortgage underwriting standards was endemic .
The closer two genes lie on the same chromosome , the more closely they will be associated in gametes and the more often they will appear together ; genes that are very close are essentially never separated because it is extremely unlikely that a crossover point will occur between them .
Summers are typically warm and humid with a July daily average of 75.6 °F ( 24.2 °C ) .
Silver coins continued to be issued for circulation until 1964 , when all silver was removed from dimes and quarters , and the half dollar was reduced to 40 % silver .
Revel Entertainment Group was named as the project 's developer for the Revel Casino .
The towers of the Brooklyn Bridge are built of limestone , granite , and Rosendale cement , and their architectural style is neo-Gothic , with characteristic pointed arches above the passageways through the stone towers .
The service offers over 6,000 films .
Their contemporary , Leonardo da Vinci ( 1452–1519 ) said , `` If you find from your own experience that something is a fact and it contradicts what some authority has written down , then you must abandon the authority and base your reasoning on your own findings . ''
With the ban of CFCs in the Montreal Protocol of 1989 , climate projections indicate that the ozone layer will return to 1980 levels between 2050 and 2070 .
A Night at the Opera was re-released with some revised 5.1 mixes and accompanying videos in 2005 for the 30th anniversary of the album 's original release ( CD+DVD-Video set ) .
In general , translators have sought to preserve the context itself by reproducing the original order of sememes , and hence word order — when necessary , reinterpreting the actual grammatical structure , for example , by shifting from active to passive voice , or vice versa .
With the Acts of Union 1707 , the canton was updated to be the new Union Flag—consisting of an English St George 's Cross combined with a Scottish St Andrew 's cross—representing the Kingdom of Great Britain .
Educational and technological reforms came about , including the establishment of higher education institutions such as the Istanbul Technical University .
From the end of World War II until 1971 , when John Rawls published A Theory of Justice , political philosophy declined in the Anglo-American academic world , as analytic philosophers expressed skepticism about the possibility that normative judgments had cognitive content , and political science turned toward statistical methods and behavioralism .
The Football League First Division , which had been the top level of English football since 1888 , was well behind leagues such as Italy 's Serie A and Spain 's La Liga in attendances and revenues , and several top English players had moved abroad .
The battery could also be charged with a power adapter that was included with the first four generations .
During the 1970s pubs provided an outlet for a number of bands , such as Kilburn and the High Roads , Dr. Feelgood and The Kursaal Flyers , who formed a musical genre called Pub rock that was a precursor to Punk music .
Westminster suffered minor damage during the Blitz on 15 November 1940 .
Zapatist forces , which were based in neighboring Morelos had strengths in the southern edge of the Federal District , which included Xochimilco , Tlalpan , Tláhuac and Milpa Alta to fight against the regimes of Victoriano Huerta and Venustiano Carranza .
When manually powered , the term `` handpump '' is often used to refer to both the pump and the associated handle .
Hisham established his court at Resafa in northern Syria , which was closer to the Byzantine border than Damascus , and resumed hostilities against the Byzantines , which had lapsed following the failure of the last siege of Constantinople .
Biodiversity 's relevance to human health is becoming an international political issue , as scientific evidence builds on the global health implications of biodiversity loss .
The level of absorption depends on many factors , from design considerations to charging time , since the absorption is a time-dependent process .
If a party has materially violated or breached its treaty obligations , the other parties may invoke this breach as grounds for temporarily suspending their obligations to that party under the treaty .
The volume `` Credit Correlation : Life After Copulas '' , published in 2007 by World Scientific , summarizes a 2006 conference held by Merrill Lynch in London where several practitioners attempted to propose models rectifying some of the copula limitations .
The Village is a group of residences where students who have similar interests or academic goals apply as small groups of 4 to 24 , known as BLOCs , to live together in clustered suites along with non-BLOCs .
Infrared reflectography ( fr ; it ; es ) , as called by art conservators , can be applied to paintings to reveal underlying layers in a completely non-destructive manner , in particular the underdrawing or outline drawn by the artist as a guide .
Although Mali has enjoyed a reasonably good inter-ethnic relationships based on the long history of coexistence , some hereditary servitude and bondage relationship exist , as well as ethnic tension between settled Songhai and nomadic Tuaregs of the north .
The number of glacial earthquakes in Greenland peaks every year in July , August and September and is increasing over time .
Located in Southern Europe , Greece consists of a mountainous , peninsular mainland jutting out into the sea at the southern end of the Balkans , ending at the Peloponnese peninsula ( separated from the mainland by the canal of the Isthmus of Corinth ) and strategically located at the crossroads of Europe , Asia , and Africa .
While von Neumann did not originate the `` implosion '' concept , he was one of its most persistent proponents , encouraging its continued development against the instincts of many of his colleagues , who felt such a design to be unworkable .
Every year a `` Brotherhood and Unity '' relay race is organized in Montenegro , Macedonia and Serbia which ends at the `` House of Flowers '' in Belgrade on May 25 – the final resting place of Tito .
Panorama revealed in March 2012 that farming subsidies were granted to Eton for 'environmental improvements ' , in effect 'being paid without having to do any farming at all ' .
The capital stock of the bank is owned by the central banks of all 28 EU member states .
The Rialto tower , the city 's second tallest , remains the tallest building in the old CBD ; its observation deck for visitors has recently closed .
The Valencia Cathedral was called Iglesia Mayor in the early days of the Reconquista , then Iglesia de la Seo ( Seo is from the Latin sedes , i.e. , ( archiepiscopal ) See ) , and by virtue of the papal concession of 16 October 1866 , it was called the Basilica Metropolitana .
Under the Education For All programs driven by UNESCO , most countries have committed to achieving universal enrollment in primary education by 2015 , and in many countries , it is compulsory .
The Federal Council constitutes the federal government , directs the federal administration and serves as collective Head of State .
Cognitive anthropology is concerned with what people from different groups know and how that implicit knowledge changes the way people perceive and relate to the world around them .
To a large extent , the minority leader 's position is a 20th-century innovation .
One year later , President Ngouabi proclaimed Congo Africa 's first `` people 's republic '' , the People 's Republic of the Congo , and announced the decision of the National Revolutionary Movement to change its name to the Congolese Labour Party ( PCT ) .
According to Billboard magazine , in its first ten years , `` Idol has spawned 345 Billboard chart-toppers and a platoon of pop idols , including Kelly Clarkson , Carrie Underwood , Chris Daughtry , Fantasia , Ruben Studdard , Jennifer Hudson , Clay Aiken , Adam Lambert and Jordin Sparks while remaining a TV ratings juggernaut . ''
The Canadian Rangers , who provide surveillance and patrol services in Canada 's arctic and other remote areas , are an essential reserve force component used for Canada 's exercise of sovereignty over its northern territory .
During the 1760s and early 1770s , relations between the Thirteen Colonies and Britain became increasingly strained , primarily because of resentment of the British Parliament 's attempts to govern and tax American colonists without their consent .
Although Nasser repeatedly said that a war with Israel will start at a time of his , or Arab , choosing , on 1967 he started a bluffing game `` but a successful bluff means your opponent must not know which cards you are holding .
The Berbers along the Barbary Coast ( modern day Libya ) sent pirates to capture merchant ships and hold the crews for ransom .
At least 18 of the endemic species are rare or threatened .
The inhabitants of the British Isles have been drinking ale since the Bronze Age , but it was with the arrival of the Roman Empire in its shores in the 1st Century , and the construction of the Roman road networks that the first inns , called tabernae , in which travellers could obtain refreshment began to appear .
ESPN would televise a minimum of 17 regular season games , most on Monday nights , and nine playoff games , including ArenaBowl XXI on ABC .
The human brain has been estimated to contain approximately 100 trillion synapses ; even the brain of a fruit fly contains several million .
For example , Sweden has halved its use of pesticides with hardly any reduction in crops .
This was officially changed to Hampshire in 1959 although the county had been commonly known as Hampshire or Hantscire for centuries .
Following Sturgeon 's work , a commutator-type direct-current electric motor made with the intention of commercial use was built by the American inventor Thomas Davenport , which he patented in 1837 .
Apple announced a battery replacement program on November 14 , 2003 , a week before a high publicity stunt and website by the Neistat Brothers .
Since ancient times , north Zhejiang and neighbouring south Jiangsu have been famed for their prosperity and opulence [ citation needed ] , and simply inserting north Zhejiang place names ( Hangzhou , Jiaxing , etc . )
The practice of adding hops to produce beer was introduced from the Netherlands in the early 15th century .
Estimates of the number of de novo genes in the human genome range from 18 to 60 .
Buildings with characteristic Nepali architecture , such as the nine-story tower of Basantapur , were built during this era .
The regions in their inventory were Assyria , Chaldea , Mesopotamia , Persia , Armenia , Egypt , Arabia , Syria , Palestine , Ethiopia , Caucasus , Libya , Anatolia and Abyssinia .
The word genocide was later included as a descriptive term to the process of indictment , but not yet as a formal legal term According to Lemming , genocide was defined as `` a coordinated strategy to destroy a group of people , a process that could be accomplished through total annihilation as well as strategies that eliminate key elements of the group 's basic existence , including language , culture , and economic infrastructure. ” He created a concept of mobilizing much of the international relations and community , to working together and preventing the occurrence of such events happening within history and the international society .
Referred to as Nizamiye , this system was extended to the local magistrate level with the final promulgation of the Mecelle , a civil code that regulated marriage , divorce , alimony , will , and other matters of personal status .
The shops are very elegant , and the streets are kept exceedingly clean . ''
Alaska was a glacial refugia because it had low snowfall , allowing a small population to exist .
For example , in the case of the United States the Federal Reserve targets the federal funds rate , the rate at which member banks lend to one another overnight .
The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission , creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation , design and construction , waste reduction , procurement , food services , transportation , and water.As of 2012 [ update ] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver .
This was denied by producer Michael G. Wilson , who stated that the scene had always been intended to be shot in Mexico as production had been attracted to the imagery of the Day of the Dead , and that the script had been developed from there .
Lewis Latimer , employed at the time by Edison , developed an improved method of heat-treating carbon filaments which reduced breakage and allowed them to be molded into novel shapes , such as the characteristic `` M '' shape of Maxim filaments .
Unlike immigrants from British colonies in the West Indies , the latter immigrants have had greater difficulty in becoming permanent residents as they lacked British citizenship , mostly spoke no English , and required renewal of work permits to remain beyond an initial period .
Most accept that he lived , taught and founded a monastic order , but do not consistently accept all of the details contained in his biographies .
One usage—the more common among linguists—refers to a variety of a language that is a characteristic of a particular group of the language 's speakers .
With the union of the crowns of Castille and Aragon ( 1479 ) , the use of Spanish gradually became more prestigious .
Non-VTOL or conventional aircraft can not decelerate on their own , and almost all carriers using them must have arrested-recovery systems ( -BAR , e.g .
They again attended and performed at Pavarotti 's benefit concert in Modena , Italy in May 2003 .
Beyoncé 's first solo recording was a feature on Jay Z 's `` '03 Bonnie & Clyde '' that was released in October 2002 , peaking at number four on the U.S .
The northern and southern reaches of the desert , along with the highlands , have areas of sparse grassland and desert shrub , with trees and taller shrubs in wadis where moisture collects .
Today , most of the maquiladoras produce electronics , automobile , and aerospace components .
Seashells and massive fossilised tree trunks in this park record the geological history of the desert .
In 1920 French Equatorial Africa was established and Ubangi-Shari was administered from Brazzaville .
In the last two weeks of February 1951 , Operation Roundup was followed by Operation Killer , carried out by the revitalized Eighth Army .
The inventions of the artisan-engineer Ding Huan ( 丁緩 ) are mentioned in the Miscellaneous Notes on the Western Capital .
Procedural memory is primarily employed in learning motor skills and should be considered a subset of implicit memory .
Knorr commissioned a new translation of the Bible , the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures , the full version of which was released in 1961 .
Usually a panel consists of a single design but sometimes multiple designs are mixed on a single panel .
An electromagnetic wave refractor in some aperture antennas is a component which due to its shape and position functions to selectively delay or advance portions of the electromagnetic wavefront passing through it .
In 1958 , Egypt and Syria formed a sovereign union known as the United Arab Republic .
Due to lateral gene transfer , some closely related bacteria can have very different morphologies and metabolisms .
The statue originally held the bow in its left hand , and a cup of pouring libation in its right hand .
Starting with the iPod Mini , the Chicago font was replaced with Espy Sans .
In October 2004 , China officially joined the Galileo project by signing the Agreement on the Cooperation in the Galileo Program between the `` Galileo Joint Undertaking '' ( GJU ) and the `` National Remote Sensing Centre of China '' ( NRSCC ) .
Water is delivered at a cost of A $ 3.50 per m3 .
With roots dating back to 1909 in the university 's School of Social Economy , the George Warren Brown School of Social Work ( commonly called the Brown School or Brown ) was founded in 1925 .
Its important venues in Mexico City include the Azteca Stadium , home to the Mexico national football team and giants América , which can seat 91,653 fans , making it the biggest stadium in Latin America .
In other words , it is possible and often easy to roughly discern the relative pitches of two sounds of indefinite pitch , but sounds of indefinite pitch do not neatly correspond to any specific pitch .
The first centrally organised police force was created by the government of King Louis XIV in 1667 to police the city of Paris , then the largest city in Europe .
New Delhi is home to Indira Gandhi Memorial Museum , National Gallery of Modern Art , National Museum of Natural History , National Rail Museum , National Handicrafts and Handlooms Museum , National Philatelic Museum , Nehru Planetarium , Shankar 's International Dolls Museum .
The city is home to the first and original Hard Rock Cafe and the Abbey Road Studios where The Beatles recorded many of their hits .
Added to the fact an interception relied on visual sighting , a kill was most elusive even in the conditions of a moonlit sky .
While Mont Blanc was first climbed in 1786 , most of the Alpine four-thousanders were climbed during the first half of the 19th century ; the ascent of the Matterhorn in 1865 marked the end of the golden age of alpinism .
A combination of the planisphere and dioptra , the astrolabe was effectively an analog computer capable of working out several different kinds of problems in spherical astronomy .
The Turkic languages also have jašɨl `` green '' or `` yellowish green '' , compared to a Mongolian word for `` meadow '' .
Feynman attended Far Rockaway High School , a school in Far Rockaway , Queens also attended by fellow Nobel laureates Burton Richter and Baruch Samuel Blumberg .
These are commonly referred to as the Padma Awards and consist of Padma Vibhushan , Padma Bhushan and Padma Shri in descending order .
The French government conferred on him the decoration of the Légion d'honneur ( Legion of Honor ) ; the Royal Society of Arts in London awarded him the Albert Medal in 1902 ; the University of Würzburg , Bavaria , granted him a PhD , and he was awarded the Franklin Institute 's Elliott Cresson Medal in 1912 .
American Idol also partnered with Disney in its theme park attraction The American Idol Experience .
However , from the 19th century onwards , there is a tendency of favoring words of Northern dialects in detriment of others , even though nowadays there is a greater freedom of choice .
In Du `` Cubisme '' Metzinger and Gleizes explicitly related the sense of time to multiple perspective , giving symbolic expression to the notion of ‘ duration ’ proposed by the philosopher Henri Bergson according to which life is subjectively experienced as a continuum , with the past flowing into the present and the present merging into the future .
The goal was to make it fundamentally easier to connect external devices to PCs by replacing the multitude of connectors at the back of PCs , addressing the usability issues of existing interfaces , and simplifying software configuration of all devices connected to USB , as well as permitting greater data rates for external devices .
In 1932 , he participated in the clearing of the Bonus March encampment in Washington , D.C .
Despite the small land mass , place names are repeated ; there are , for example , two islands named Long Island , three bays named Long Bay ( on Somerset , Main , and Cooper 's islands ) , two Horseshoe Bays ( one in Southampton , on the Main Island , the other at Morgan 's Point , formerly Tucker 's Island ) , there are two roads through cuttings called Khyber Pass ( one in Warwick , the other in St. George 's Parish ) , and St George 's Town is located on St George 's Island within St George 's Parish ( each known as St George 's ) .
Much of the material in the Canon is not specifically `` Theravadin '' , but is instead the collection of teachings that this school preserved from the early , non-sectarian body of teachings .
Sanskrit , Hindi , Bengali , Marathi , and Gujarati have a four-way distinction in stops : voiceless , aspirated , voiced , and breathy-voiced or voiced aspirated , such as /p pʰ b bʱ/ .
The financial crisis was not widely predicted by mainstream economists except Raghuram Rajan , who instead spoke of the Great Moderation .
Robert of Ketton 's 1143 translation of the Quran for Peter the Venerable , Lex Mahumet pseudoprophete , was the first into a Western language ( Latin ) .
Chandragupta 's son Bindusara succeeded to the throne around 297 BC .
There are likely to be additional challenges to the map and districts .
( BBC One and ITV began 625-line colour broadcasts simultaneously on 15 November 1969 ) .
Parque Batlle ( formerly : Parque de los Aliados , translation : `` Park of the Allies '' ) is a major public central park , located south of Avenida Italia and north of Avenue Rivera .
Lee modeled the character of Dill on her childhood friend , Truman Capote , known then as Truman Persons .
The Commercial Port of Guam is the island 's lifeline because most products must be shipped into Guam for consumers .
( A plurality voting system usually leads to a two-party system , a relationship described by Maurice Duverger and known as Duverger 's Law . )
By 326 BC , Alexander the Great had conquered Asia Minor and the Achaemenid Empire and had reached the northwest frontiers of the Indian subcontinent .
Moreover , other animals may develop existing sensory systems in new ways , such as the adaptation by bats of the auditory sense into a form of sonar .
To Kill a Mockingbird was Lee 's only published book until Go Set a Watchman , an earlier draft of To Kill a Mockingbird , was published on July 14 , 2015 .
The other widely heard and spoken accent is RP ( Received Pronunciation ) in various forms , which can often be heard in the media and many of other traditional professions and beyond , although this accent is not limited to London and South East England , and can also be heard selectively throughout the whole UK amongst certain social groupings .
Montevideo is also a centre of rugby ; equestrianism , which regained importance in Montevideo after the Maroñas Racecourse reopened ; golf , with the Club de Punta Carretas ; and yachting , with the Puerto del Buceo , an ideal place to moor yachts .
Former judge Jennifer Lopez and former mentor Harry Connick , Jr. joined Urban on the panel .
Some high-speed black-and-white films , such as Ilford Delta 3200 and Kodak T-MAX P3200 , are marketed with film speeds in excess of their true ISO speed as determined using the ISO testing method .
A few centuries later , coinciding with the first waves of the invading Germanic peoples ( Suevi , Vandals and Alans , and later the Visigoths ) and the power vacuum left by the demise of the Roman imperial administration , the church assumed the reins of power in the city and replaced the old Roman temples with religious buildings .
The character of John 's relationship with his second wife , Isabella of Angoulême , is unclear .
In modern day , internet programming has been utilized by a number of companies to air web shows , internet pay-per-views ( iPPVs ) or on-demand content , helping to generate internet-related revenue earnings from the evolving World Wide Web .
The goal of the council was to record the Buddha 's teachings .
Because it is impossible to verify the system at all times , the code requires periodic testing of the pressure capability .
Major corporations with headquarters in Tennessee include FedEx , AutoZone and International Paper , all based in Memphis ; Pilot Corporation and Regal Entertainment Group , based in Knoxville ; Eastman Chemical Company , based in Kingsport ; the North American headquarters of Nissan Motor Company , based in Franklin ; Hospital Corporation of America and Caterpillar Financial , based in Nashville ; and Unum , based in Chattanooga .
Hence , in modern practice , royal assent is always granted ; a refusal to do so would be appropriate only in an emergency requiring the use of the monarch 's reserve powers .
The longest-lived breeds , including Toy Poodles , Japanese Spitz , Border Terriers , and Tibetan Spaniels , have median longevities of 14 to 15 years .
The Franco-Prussian War was a conflict between France and Prussia , while Prussia was backed up by the North German Confederation , of which it was a member , and the South German states of Baden , Württemberg and Bavaria .
Many previous connector designs were fragile , specifying embedded component pins or other delicate parts that were vulnerable to bending or breaking .
Thin sapwood is characteristic of such species as chestnut , black locust , mulberry , osage-orange , and sassafras , while in maple , ash , hickory , hackberry , beech , and pine , thick sapwood is the rule .
Sanskrit literature begins with the Vedas , dating back to 1500–1000 BCE , and continues with the Sanskrit Epics of Iron Age India .
Thus , with the acquiescence of Asquith 's Liberals , Ramsay MacDonald became the first ever Labour Prime Minister in January 1924 , forming the first Labour government , despite Labour only having 191 MPs ( less than a third of the House of Commons ) .
`` Fred '' Kerry and musician Ida Lowe , were immigrants from the Austro-Hungarian Empire .
The League tried to enforce economic sanctions upon Italy , but to no avail .
He was appointed Officer Commanding Number 4 Squadron of the Boys ' Wing at Cranwell until August 1918 , before reporting to the RAF 's Cadet School at St Leonards-on-Sea where he completed a fortnight 's training and took command of a squadron on the Cadet Wing .
This gives the left parties an absolute majority of 46 seats .
There are other , more implicit references in the New Testament epistles .
Estonian is distantly related to Hungarian and to the Sami languages .
He stated that 200,000 homes had been rebuilt , and 685,000 were under reconstruction , but 1.94 million households were still without permanent shelter .
The titles of state supreme court vary , which can cause confusion between jurisdictions because one state may use a name for its highest court that another uses for a lower court .
A combination of urban and suburban development , the West Side is generally defined as the area west of I-10 .
