What day of the week was September 15 , 2011 ?
Between what period of time did the Tethys disappear ?
What were provinces broken up into ?
What did Wendell B. Blancke investigate at the end of the war ?
After 1997 , The Times declined from making any party endorsements however , they supported individual candidates known by what name ?
What is one way to group pesticides ?
What are content creation industries focusing on doing to prevent infringement ?
How would a student matriculate to the next level of schooling in the Ottoman Empire ?
Who was a big influence on Smokey Robinson ?
How long did the region of Kiev dominate the State of the Rus ?
The Indo-Europeans who remained after the migrations became speakers of what ?
Who did Imperial Japan sign a Tripartite pact with ?
Who claimed the San Diego Bay area for Spain in 1542 ?
What is the second memory stage ?
What is the span of the Late Cretaceous period ?
What sort of state did Gaddafi believe should be founded ?
Who hit a three run walk off homer off of closer Tom `` Flash '' Gordon ?
These theorems state that general relatively must break down before what ?
An imbalance in the intake of nutrients by any organism can be referred by which term ?
What was the original purpose for pancake motors ?
When was the South Korean general election held ?
What battle did Persia lose in 490 BC ?
Who was the Soviet minister who proposed German reunification ?
What percentage of students at Qur'anic schools are female ?
How many Greenpeace activists boarded Fennica and Nordica in March 2012 ?
What type of Roman item was traded on the Silk Road network ?
What year was the all-female masonic lodge cast aside ?
Two othe ramtrak trains that serve Florida
Who held parliamentary elections on August 25 , 1948 ?
What did Phoenicans name their settlement in 734BC ?
What may make dogs have the ability to be trained by , play with and fit in with people ?
When did the FAA change it 's long-standing approach to air traffic control candidates ?
What fraction of Manhattan residents have graduate degrees ?
Compared to the rest of the US , does Alaska has many or few road connections ?
What percentage of voltage reversal will an under damped DC circuit experience ?
Who resigned from the Freemasons for their lodge to rejoin their Grand Lodge ?
Which car company released the first automobile interface for the iPod ?
Along with Hungary , where did many expelled French Jews relocate to ?
Greece 's secondary education has how many school types ?
What does the increasing demand for container traffic make companies use more often ?
What is shuffling around bad or weak debts from a weaker eurozone member to the ECB known as ?
Who are Queen Victoria 's mother and father ?
How many large flight muscles do birds have ?
Who was treated as second class citizens under the Ottomans ?
How have the bars changed over the years ?
What organization is Stephen Thomas Erlewine associated with ?
What does LP stand for when it comes to time capacity ?
What is one of the major problems with the economy in November 2008 ?
What 'age ' is the period from Johann Sebastian Bach to Beethoven referred to as ?
In September 1849 where did Chopin take up residence ?
Is asthma worst during the day or at night time ?
What river runs along the Jordan Rift Valley ?
What was lost in Prussia 's history during the Plague ?
What is the name of the private cemetery in Plymouth ?
What form of due process was a harbinger of our vary own habeas corpus ?
When did Clarkson win the crown ?
How long did the rupture last ?
Who was Henry 's favorite child ?
What theater is currently under renovation in the city ?
How many islands are along the rugged coastline of Zhejiang ?
What does the Indian Arts and Crafts Act of 1990 require artists to prove they 're enrolled in ?
In what country are high-grade uranium ores notably found ?
How many Unicom towers were suspended ?
What was John 's only remaining possession on the Continent ?
John James Audubon later lent his name to which group ?
What Windows version is compatible with ARM processors ?
Is the Avian flu a risk only to animals ?
What is the name of the main health care facility in Guam ?
In what century did the Carnival become an organized event ?
What do birds to compensate for the changing position of the sun during the day ?
What was the name of the concept used by the Roman Empire when building another line of defense at the north border ?
How long after the National Academy of Science 's study did a study on over the counter drugs occur ?
What is the name of the famous bank located in Boston ?
What factors did the situated perspective believe to be most important ?
How many people lived in the Marshall Islands in 1960 ?
What platform was The Life of Pablo officially released on ?
Who became a powerful force after the Norman Conquest ?
Whose theory of truth did Popper read with intense interest in 1935 ?
Who founded the group Phuture ?
What regions suffer from state-sponsored abuse and violence ?
What does Triton 's orbit suggest about it 's relation to Neptune ?
What two versions of the NES were released in the UK , Italy , and Australia ?
Who was the highest commander that is under Hitler ?
How , specifically , have tourists helped the local economy in Alaska ?
What expert on Whitehead delivered a lecture at the school to explain Whitehead 's ideas ?
What are the Digimon villians main goals ?
Opera was introduced in what year ?
Where is the NM border of both Oklahoma and Texas supposed to line up with ?
Compared to other cities in Latin America , how early did Mexico City legalize same sex marriage ?
In what period was the Classical architecture vocabulary revived ?
Though harboring transitive properties , what Koppen climate classification does the New Haven climate more closely characterize ?
What process optimises temperature for chick development ?
What is the Everton club motto ?
After Morsi removal , what country has Egypt improved relations with ?
Where can one find the most sage scrub in San Diego ?
Corrupt people may manipulate what to receive more assistance ?
What year was the Victrolac compound released ?
How many different uncontacted tribes were confirmed in Brazil in 2007 ?
What fashion items does Kanye West design ?
What type of instruments with a misleading name are n't always made completely out of wood ?
Who wanted peace when they feared of being invaded from the west ?
In the 2008 primary , how much of the Bronx vote did Obama get ?
Where did Houston place for Fortune 500 companies ?
Reading and interpreting from a control unit is called doing what ?
Where did Victoria visit that led her to reprimand Derby for the state of the Royal Navy ?
What show did Spielberg work with Rodat on ?
Who was Saint Valentine ?
what country took over the fort of Ahmmadnagar that then became part of the cause for the Maratha Emprie to end ?
Who used Gothic details in construction of Tom Tower , Oxford ?
What happens to the right channel in a player that does n't recognize AC-3 ?
What type of wood did Edison use in his improved filament ?
Gautama devoted himself to what type of meditation ?
What new connector did Apple unveil on September 12 , 2012 ?
Where did the Taliban regroup in 2002 ?
What song by MARRS was an early House hit in 1987 ?
How long does snow hang around in Cork ?
What percent lower was Dell selling its notebooks in Taiwan ?
When did Napoleon iii visit London ?
What do groups of anthropologists object to the use of anthropology for benefit of ?
What did the headline read that was run with Michael Foot 's photo ?
The top 3 industries in Nanjing are ?
What color shift indicates that space objects date from the early days of the universe ?
When did the second Yugoslavia start ?
What are P roads , those that carry traffic between all major towns in Eritrea ?
Who marked the switch from classical to romantic eras in classical music ?
What station has an Orthodox church representative ?
What Kathmandu industry is particularly known for its English speakers ?
Where is hunting still vital ?
The mosaic found in 1966 depicts who as the central figure ?
When does NCO status happen in all other branches of the US Military ?
What has contributed to high food prices in Switzerland ?
Why are the waxwing Bombycilla not migrating for ?
For what purpose can rooms be rented at the Royal Institute 's building ?
What did Nasser observe from moving around frequently as a youth ?
What actual US cities have fictional equivalents in Marvel 's comic milieu ?
What Greek word is Christian derived from ?
When she was made Queen , what did Victoria do about Conroy ?
What charter directly affected a women 's right to serve in the CAF ?
When did the United States take control of the island ?
What percent of households were made of one person ?
How does God reveal his will and purpose ?
On what island did the Missionaries live with citizens of the Marshall Islands ?
The Rajpath was also known by what name ?
When were the OMB racial directive made mandatory for every government form ?
Who said that Napoleon 's presence on the battlefield was worth 40,000 soldiers ?
What is sometimes viewed as the third branch of Buddhism ?
How long after the 5th season did the next one start ?
In what year was a new interdisciplinary management program launched at KU 's School of Business ?
Where did the Russian abbot Daniel travel in 1106-07 ?
Out of which organization 's headquarters did the original FA Premier League staff operate out of ?
What two countries emerged as competitors after the Congress of Vienna ?
What was the movement called also known as execution of laws ?
What is the secondmost common surname in Melbourne 's phone book ?
What could you find in Novgorod that you could n't in most other cities ?
How much money do residents get back for participating in water conservation per square foot ?
In which year did Popper write Hayek a letter expressing his intellectual debt to him ?
On which anniversary of his Humanae Vitae did Paul VI reconfirm the beliefs set forth by the Humanae Vitae ?
In what century did trading companies arrive in Tuvalu ?
What is Kanye West 's first child 's name ?
What can an exhibition game raise money for ?
What is the name of the amphitheater in Raleigh ?
What year was the Federsation of Aesthetic Group Gymnastics established ?
Randomness and sharp attacks are two reasons that may make it harder to to do what to an audio file ?
What industry is Raleigh a major wholesaler for ?
What Age 's ideas allowed Estonian writings to gain significance ?
What event was going on during the creation of the atomic bomb ?
What considerations do consumers need when using safe handling procedures with poultry regardless of cooking method used ? ?
In what year were the first experimental landings of an airplane ?
Who won a Commonwealth Writers ' Prize for fiction for her book `` Where We Once Belonged '' ?
For what NFL team did Lynn Swann play ?
What names were used in the Anglo-Dutch Treaty of 1814 ?
The Sangzao school is one of the biggest in what county ?
Where does the Port of Houston rank in international commerce ?
What two forms of humor are most found in To Kill a Mockingbird ?
What were they using the airport to stage for ?
What deepened the credit crunch when demand and employment fell ?
How many phase are in the growth of bacteria ?
What organization found no evidence that UNFPA had supported Chinese coercion ?
Where was the relay scheduled to take place ?
Which parts of annelids are different from true segments ?
The mosaics uncovered in Libya were from which century ?
Where did the Tucson Sidewinders move to ?
Who painted their mansions red during the Song and Tang dynasties ?
On what did Candolle base his classification system ?
What does the Google Book Search project help libraries with ?
Does al-Qaeda believe that Muslims in Burma are in danger ?
Which amendment contains the Equal Protection Clause ?
During what dynasty was Nanjing the biggest business center in all of East Asia ?
What is the name of the Presbyterian church in Brazil with Dutch origins ?
During which years did Nikolai Durkin visit Alaska ?
What continues in some circles at the discretion of the defining agency or academic department ?
Why did Coe donate to American studies programs ?
What are content creation industries focusing on doing to prevent infringement ?
Who was deputy commander to Mountbatten ?
When did the Manchus create their own artillery ?
The submarine volcano was formed as part of the same proces as what two things ?
Devices usually have what type of receptacle ?
How old was Kangxi when he took over ?
Whose plan did German armies ignore in attacking Frossard ?
Who was Ryan Seacrests co-host in the first season of American Idol ?
When did MGM give Warner Home Video the rights to MGM/UA 's films on home video ?
When was the British empiricism period ?
What heads approximately east-northeast once at the Swiss bored ?
What element of a laminate is designated by the cloth to resin ratio , among other things ?
Who was taken prisoner at the Battle of Manzikert ?
What country performs well in evaluation of economic freedom , civil liberties , and education ?
When was Shen Kuo alive ?
What is the main trial court called ?
What are some philosophies that modern architects use ?
When do culls to ensure sustainability of London 's deer population occur ?
in 1880 , how many dance halls were in Paris ?
Who disarmed the Estonian Defence Forces ?
What happened to Idris ?
Between 2008 and 2009 , which entertainers did Beyonce beat in earnings ?
Another term for tagma is ?
How many Christian churches have been found in the Christian Petra ?
What would qualify someone to use restricted use pesticides ?
How much had Eton received in farming subsidies in 2005 ?
Who built the European Court of Human Rights building ?
When did Toyotomi Hideyoshi die ?
What type of assembly could specific groupings of optimo jure be found in ?
Which North American version of football calls for 12 player per side on the field ?
When did a Han revolt occur ?
Who was the first communist country to open its borders to all foreign visitors ?
Did the followers of Meletius obey the guidelines of Nicaea ?
Who supported the Austro-Hungarian Empire ?
How did the Endangered Species Act impact other agencies not specifically mentioned in the Act ?
What branch of the Afro-Asiatic language family does the Somali language belong to ?
What is the portion of the island called that is protected from the sea by the island itself ?
Which river seperates The Bronx from Manhatten ?
Where did Schwarzenegger first meet Maria Shriver ?
When did the Republic of China control the Dachen Islands until ?
In yards , how large is an arena football field ?
Insulin resistance has been strongly linked to which health issue ?
What club was granted royal patronage ?
Much of what has not changed since the medieval period ?
When wasmost of the energy released during the initial eruption ?
On what day were beer houses closed ?
Mrigavyadha destroys animal instinct in who ?
Since when have inexpensive ceramic disc capacitors existed ?
New Amsterdam became the title of New York City in what past date ?
In what year did Ferguson publish An Essay on the History of Civil Society ?
Who made significant addition to a charming little quirky scientific deviant that lead to the winning of a prestigious award of recognition and gave birth to a model ?
What type of public elevator in Yalta , Ukraine , transport passengers from a hill above the Black Sea to a tunnel down on the beach ?
How many Greek citizens were displace due to Nazi retaliations ?
Which of Schwarzenegger 's bodybuilding idols died in 2000 ?
Levels of the Eu 19 ( R1a ) chromosome are typically seen between what two percentages in Central and Eastern Europeans ?
In 2011 , plans were made to decrease hospitals to how many ?
What kingdom under the Spartocid dynasty consisted of Maeotians , Thracians , Crimean Scythians and Cimmerians ?
At what age does awareness of one 's sexual orientation occur on average ?
Which items of legislation did the Royal Institute play a large role in promoting ?
What is a deistic view of God ?
What type of norm is recognized as permitting no violations and so can not be altered through treaty obligations ?
By the end of what century were most beer houses closed ?
What was prevalent in Brazilian culture during slavery ?
Lord Macaulay thought Burke was the best author since whom ?
How many people in the Bronx are black ( not including Hispanic ) ?
Where is the Veterans Affairs Hospital located ?
What does Mary stand upon in this symbol ?
What element did the Aouzou Strip possess a great deal of ?
What disease was Albert diagnosed with ?
What kinds of sea faring sports are available in Cork ?
What is added to sentences to specify status or tone ?
To which reporter did Kanye West express regret for his remark about President Bush ?
What was once considered a varmint but is now protected ?
What is the split in the state Senate controller by the Republicans ?
Why did n't Gaddafi learn to speak English ?
What field of communication has been investigated more thoroughly ?
What was the goal of Operation Tomahawk ?
In what one way can videoconferencing help a person ?
Who started a rebellion against Han in the year AD 40 ?
Ibn al-Haytham wrote about his work around the year 1000 , what was it ?
Under NTFS , what does Windows use for file time stamps in storage ?
What does a earthworms digestive systme consist of ?
What is the Presbyterian government known as ?
What has been determined about dietry restrictions during pregnancy and when breast feeding ?
Aside from place names what else from the Estonian language can be found in the Originates Livoniae in Chronicle of Henry of Livonia ?
When do intestinal microbiota develop ?
Peter J. Wallison 's conclusions regarding the financial crisis are not in agreement with this economist 's views ?
Who attacked Scout and Jem ?
What federal agency regulated the advertising of prescription drugs ?
What is it called when someone intentionally breaks encryption on a movie or game ?
Along with being carved , how were altarpieces often decorated in this period ?
What motorcycle event is held in Valencia ?
What is the wettest season in Charleston ?
What other American territory has these beetles that have infested Guam ?
In what year did Everton take 7,000 travelling fans with them to an away game ?
How does the Arctic Ocean warm the Arctic ?
What part of the current is usually strongest ?
John seized the lands of who ?
Which are the two most prominent railway stations ?
What was the first American hockey team to win a Stanley Cup ?
What does schlacht mean ?
What effect has the issue of indigenous autonomy had on Bolivia ?
When did Nigeria launch a bone marrow donation program ?
When was the Treaty of the Pyrenees ?
What is the study of algae called ?
Dogs originated as predators and what ?
What was the main requirement for electric feeder stations ?
How much was the average cost of hospital stays for asthma-related issues for children ? ?
What program allowed America to sell military supplies to Britain and the Soviet Union ?
The fight against Huerta formally ended on which date ?
How many noble truths are there ?
What genre of music are Nirvana and Soundgarden ?
What city is the Harlem River Speedway in ?
What is one area in which peer groups can have positive influences on an individual ?
How many hydroelectricity plants are larger than 10 GW ?
What type of natural resources is more scarce ?
Together , what percentage of Dutch loanwords comes from High and Low German ?
What did the Vedanta school represent in Hindu philosophy ?
How was Elio executed ?
What position did Mee hold in the Arsenal club prior to becoming manager ?
What was a subject that Avicenna studied , but did not develop a theory on ?
What is responsible for differences in surface realizations according to Government phonology ?
In the 2001 census , how much of Bolivia 's population was labeled as being indigenous ?
What was most of Nigeria 's federal income being spent on ?
Which organization has discovered corruption in the educator sector ?
Which institution bought 500 copies of the book , ensuring that a large number of people would have access to it ?
Which market has the largest open air flowerbed in the US ?
How much land has the Duck Stamp Act help purchase ?
What RIM weapon permits mid-flight course adjustments ?
Which king of England directed new fortifications that helped Southampton rely less on its wall ?
Whose assumption of power ended the era of stagnation ?
When did Kant publish one of the most influential works in the history of the philosophy of space and time .
What does IMF stand for ?
How many people lived in Charleston in 2010 ?
When was the Cultural Revolution ?
Who were the next settlement of people on Norfolk Island descended from ?
When were pagan Slavic populations Christianized ?
What is in the Fayetteville business district ?
Did literate men acknowledge Virgil as a master or novice poet ?
What can peer pressure influence ?
What knowledge was of importance in the potency of prayer ?
Who holds Guiness record for Deepest salt water scuba dive ?
How many muslims were there in Bern in 2000 ?
Where was the first trophy presented ?
Ancient Greece was dominated by what ?
In what realm did John Locke feel the government lacked authority ?
How were the recordings released for the initial five seasons ?
What type of eggs may some viruses be grown in ?
What did the Aryans label as impure in the indigenous peoples in order to exclude them from certain social classes ?
What is the name of the lifestyle magazine ?
What road was built in 1953 and later damaged by an earthquake ?
Which city is so far the southernmost city to host the Olympic Games ?
What was the CDs predecessor ?
When did Burke make a motion to restrict Irish trade ?
Who was the leader if the Whigs ?
What are the grammatical moods of Czech verbs ?
When founded by the Romans , what was the name they gave the city of London ?
What processors are used by the current Mac product family ?
Does Venezuela have immigrates from other countries ?
When was the first 'War of the Worlds ' movie released ?
In what type of religion are canon laws applicable ?
How can migrating birds lose their way ?
What was Madonna dressed in for the tour ?
What two cities had 500 short tons of bombs dropped on them during the end of October ?
When did Microsoft make the existence of Windows 8.1 with Bing OEM SKU official ?
How many female Islamic scholars were on record after the 1400s ?
What serves as the embryo 's food supply ?
What value of some capacitors decreases with age ?
What city has the largest outdoor ice skating rink in the world ?
What is believed to better offer sounds of higher frequencies , compact discs or records ?
What prolific composer and producer of musicals has been a major force in the West End theater district ?
Who declared the monarch incapable of acting upon an abortion decriminalization bill in 1990 ?
Which major global shipping company is based in Memphis ?
When was the Treaty of Sevres signed ?
How far south of Delhi , in miles , is Hyderabad ?
How does the ECB mimic a corporation ?
What 's the oldest rugby team in Southampton ?
What was one factor behind the inefficiency of the French railway system ?
Which college where the Cambridge Rules written at ?
What are castros ?
How many local radio stations does Norfolk Island have ?
Who used to make window panes ?
How long should it take for an aircraft to be off the airport and in the air ?
What type of applications have videoconferencing manufacturers begun to offer ?
After which famous general was the city named ?
What do bacterial endosymbionts give necessary nutrition to ?
Where did Moreau achieve his major victory against Austria in December 1800 ?
What agency had its staff reduced to 5000 after Lenninist orthodoxy was abandoned ?
Where are Peter Carey , Germaine Greer , and Thomas Browne from ?
Does the typical duration of relationships increase or decrease throughout the teenage years ?
When was ClarisWorks reincorporated back into Apple ?
What feature is wanted to assist with reducing negative impacts of pesticides ?
Who was Albert infatuated with ?
What group settled in Iceland during this period ?
What was Herter 's career ?
What American war threatened Canada ?
The four truths explain the nature of what ?
What film previously held the UK record for highest first week opening gross ?
Where is Gustavo A. Madero ?
Why is a `` this car leaving next '' sign used ?
Where did glasswork begin relatively late ?
What are sexual attraction . behavior , and idenity components of ?
Who is responsible for Defence and Foreign Affairs ?
who is Lewis Carroll 's youngest brother ?
What races are considered to be the of the the national races in Burma ?
What year was the Second Treaty of Thorn enacted ?
What movie influenced Beyonce towards empowerment themes ?
Which country invaded east Prussia in World War I ?
In what year did Bell start to focus on research into sound ?
Is the exact reason known that Jesus got Crucified for ?
What did Victoria place to memorialize Disraeli ?
The leading author and solicitor of the letters page in The Times had how many articles published ?
Who is the famous comic strip author of Doonesbury that attended Yale University in New Haven ?
What does the standard ReplayGain allow a player to automatically adjust ?
What skilled trade was a central industry for Southampton in the Middle Ages ?
Long Island and Staten Island were split in half by what geographical phenomenon ?
How did Armando Dias die ?
What can be changed in an adult organism using gene therapy techniques ?
What case was the concept relevant ?
What non winning major party nominees studied at Yale ?
What author espoused the theory of the `` pristine unconscious ? ''
The Neocerebellum supports what other part of the brain ?
Why did Ashikaga let his wife take over ?
When did Tucson get a railroad ?
Who was Shunzhi 's oldest brother ?
Who commanded the soldiers sent by Camillo di Cavour ?
Who invented the first electrolytic capacitor ?
Where do you find dialectic vowel reductions ?
How did Britain assist the defense of Hanover ?
Whate decides the size of an electromagnetic core ?
Who did Madonna have a relationship with while shooting the film ?
What percentage of the world 's bulk carriers are Greece 's ?
What language was made the only official variation in 1976 ?
What was the first commercial solar concentrating system ?
What religious groups operate in CAR ?
How many plant species are close to extinction ?
Prior to what year did the United States regularly enter into treaties with Native Americans ?
What type of traders did the trading companies employ on Tuvalu ?
About how many cities and towns in Mexico is Carnival celebrated in ?
What company owns the company that owns the Richmond Times-Dispatch ?
What cooperative arrangement did Jehovah 's Witnesses establish ?
What non-bird animals caused the bird populations of Norfolk Island to suffer ?
What pieces of furniture that most people use every night can be made out of wood ?
Who was Syria 's president in 2014 ?
It is believed that animals evolved from what ?
How tall is the biggest Buddha statue in Europe ?
When did Diogo Cao explore Namibia ?
A former employee states he was fired after complaining about which finalist ?
How many factories had strikes on October 26 ?
What was Spielberg 's mother 's career ?
In what case did the Supreme Court allow Section 1983 to be used to challenge a method of execution ?
How long after the Normandy invasion did the landings in Southern France occur ?
What was the Kensington System ?
What was Gorbachev trying to separate ?
What class gave only wine and food as a grave offering ?
What was the location of the earliest settlement near Plymouth ?
How many houses has the Historical Museum annexed ?
What virus is maintained in birds without lethal effects ?
What position does Dummett take ?
What are dog population estimates based on other than land uses ?
What rare breed of deer is protected at the Deer Sanctuary at Theydon Bois ?
When did the Kathmandu valley monuments receive WHS status ?
What percentage of the Estonia language includes Low Saxon words ?
What noted religious building was destroyed in the Great Fire ?
What age ran from 1700 to 1200 BCE ?
When was the term Serbo-Croatian first used ?
What is the Treaty of Waitangi internationally considered to be ?
After whom is the Houston skate park named ?
Who said , `` countries that aspire to strategic international influence have aircraft carriers '' ?
What two dominant traits do great powers usually possess ?
What road does First use stops around to leave a terminal available for other buses ?
Who built the organ ?
If a PCB is intended for use in an setting with extreme conditions , what would probably be applied ?
Why are groups hesitant to work with government officials ?
Who was allowed to leave the village ?
What sort of therapy might examine emotions based on components of facial expressions ?
Are there times when an editor 's judgement should be deferred ?
When was the Compagnies Republicaines de Securite formed ?
Who has shown support for ambitious renewable energy goals ?
What did CBC call it 's movie showings during the NHL Lockout ?
Who is the Chinese premier that called the actions of the US and the United Nations an act of aggression ?
Is there a cure for asthma ?
During which season to American Idols rating begin to fall ?
How many ministers are in the Presidential Cabinet ?
How much of the total government revenue comes from the domain name ?
What are rivalries often called ?
Under the guidance of Generals Van Fleet and Ridgway , joint forces were able to achieve what goal ?
What level was the disaster set at 22:15 CST , May 12 ?
The Pew Research Center estimated Protestants to be what percentage of Europe 's Christian population in 2010 ?
What empire ended after the three Anglo- Maratha wars ?
In 1806 who did Gorkas defeat with the help of provincial chiefs ?
Britain believe German bombers would be unable to reach and identify what ?
Why are birds ' arteries composed of thick elastic muscles ?
When did Favre make the declaration concerning colonial territories ?
What is the total length of the Detroit International Riverfront ?
Who were the beneficiaries of his last public concert ?
How many male workers were present in Plymouth Dock circa 1712 ?
What language is used in Macedonia ?
What has the Real growth in GDP since 2001 in Swaziland in percentage ?
What does the treaty set Antarctica aside as ?
Who banned slavery in their colonies ?
In what year did the Battle of Poitiers take place ?
How long did it take for these capabilities to be restored ?
How did world war two affect Burmese business and economy ?
What country is used as an example for limited forms of communications ?
What solder resist is so inaccurate that few choose it anymore ?
How many goals did Barcelona score to break the record for most goals in a year ?
What is dependent upon electrical potential energy ?
What were the governors of the taifas called ?
How does aposematism help a species population ?
Why were stepper motors abandoned in computer drive designs ?
When was Brasilia inaugurated ?
In 1876 who lobbied for the construction of the differential analyzers ?
What do new high tech healthcare technologies translate to ?
Which Sura in the Qur'an describes the visitation of an angel upon Zakariya ?
What does CFL stand for ?
What does the Duchy of Lancaster operate as ?
What have the Swiss tried to enhance by conforming to EU economic practices ?
Who is thought to be beyond the range and reach of thought ?
what was the name of the ship that was a temporary fishing facility ?
What rights did Brasilia gain in 1988 ?
The quickest growing local businesses in Somalia are what types of businesses ?
Where did Dionysius hail from ?
How many official languages does Valencia have ?
What body renamed the state the Soviet Russian Republic ?
What pop singer did a duet with Beyoncé on Beautiful Liar ?
During what century was the first mechanical computer invented by Charles Babbage ?
Who wrote the book 'Memoirs of a Geisha ' is based on ?
What denominational variance do they adhere to for the most part ?
What is the STA ?
How long did legends of Virgil 's magical powers remain popular ?
When was the state tree actually assigned ?
Where did Britain 's army attack in 1961 ?
Why was collapsing the two values into one score a problem ?
What did the Qur'an permit ?
Who is the Governor in Michigan ?
Which team finished fourth in the 2009-10 season ?
What has recently become a growing industry in Tibet ?
Do antibiotics increase the chance of getting fat for humans ?
According to democratic rules of the 106th congress what committee does minority leader head ?
Who did Seminoles harbor
What is Nigeria 's 2015 GDP ?
In what city and state did the arena football test game take place ?
What is an example of an issue that is raised in collateral review ?
What definitions of the Middle East are no longer ideologically sound ?
What newspaper was founded by Express Newspaper ?
Where is the Universidad Tecnologica located ?
By 2011 , how many people were affected by asthma ?
What great powers have maintained peace ?
What city was especially important to Hellinistic science ?
Who challenged Apollo to a trial of skill ?
Where was Napoleon Bonaparte die ?
What is the name for the concerts held on New Haven Green throughout the month of July ?
What three vocations were not really considered separate from each other at that time ?
Who was a noted figure in Mosan art ?
Jose Batile y Ordonez was president of where ?
What laboratory was Hoover responsible for creating ?
How long is Islington 's Upper Street ?
What city has the most people in Florida
How many Catholic high schools are in Detroit ?
Which group made up the bulk of the Han tax base ?
Who was able to launch the first orbiting satellite ?
Where did the learned believers place their focus ?
The Greek historian Herodotus listed the Jews as the levied naval forces in service to whom ?
What does Oleg do to his horse ?
What influenced the consistency of the written Tibetan language ?
Copper smelting resulted in the development of what other metal smelting ?
In what year was the stage musical My Fair Lady , set in turn-of-the-century London , made into a major motion picture ?
What is La Encantada ?
Where did South Slavs and Germanic Gepids intermarried with Avar invaders ?
Where did the Saint Helena cricket team make it 's debut in international cricket ?
What year is considered to be the beginning of the Scientific Revolution ?
What type of music has mandolins played ?
Who has abandoned the term Near East ?
When did Buckingham officially become the principle royal residence ?
Where does Miami rank among American cities by population ?
What was the traditional doctrine on the use of tanks ?
Isis was paired with what local god ?
Did EIC have a monopoly over the governement or trade in british india
In practicality , how do lower courts typically view the rulings of higher courts ?
What is the official title of Delhi 's head of state ?
What was the longest line in the world during its time ?
Service was mandatory for all men sharing which feature ?
Who can receive the Costa Book Award ?
What is New Haven best known for in terms of the main landmark and structure ?
What name did Cerón give to the island that might have been Ujelang ?
When was the president ousted ?
What was not acknowledged by English colonists ?
Who awarded Hayek the Medal of Freedom ?
What was the clause against establishment of religion by law intended to erect ?
How long are all the public beaches together in miles ?
What entity oversees both Hampstead Heath of North London and Epping Forest ?
Anglo can refer to non-Hispanic European Americans who speak English but are not necessarily what ?
Which church did the 9 founders of Northwestern affiliate the university with ?
Evidence suggests that many Early mahayana scriptures originated in what part of India ?
What despcription was assigned to minority leader in part ?
From what region did the group Devo originate ?
What was one of the first releases with a photo on the cover ?
In what year did the Marshall Islands receive sovereignty ?
What is the most common Persian word for Christian ?
Federal agencies are authorized to make what public ?
In what dynasties did poets congregate in Nanjing ?
What may have also been in use at the time ?
What video frequency does PAL use ?
Who was Apollo 's mother ?
Where is the macawis worn ?
When did Watch Tower supporters gather as autonomous congregations to study the Bible ?
What well known boxer was criticized for question someone 's blackness ?
By 2009 what competition has Arsenal Ladies been the only ladies team to have won ?
What was the capital of Golkonda in the mid 12th century ?
What large plans did Koch have ?
Along with animals , what is depicted on the rock paintings of Laas Geel ?
How many Parliament members voted against the Declaration on State Sovereignty of Ukraine ?
Why did Robert Osborne stop presenting films on TCM for several months ?
For what is cotton used to make ?
Who was the leader of the Qing troops ?
What did Eritrea do when it was accused of planting bombs at the African Union summit ?
What is the ancestry of the Chinese population in Guinea-Bissau ?
In what year did Britain try to purchase Somali lands from Ethiopia ?
What year saw the death of Abu Hashim ?
What were the Tanguts able to do in only decades that took the Chinese centuries ?
What do Somali men wear when they are n't wearing Western clothing ?
Where are chaffinches Fringilla coelebs from ?
How much lower is the Swazi Real GDP growth in comparison to other Southern African Customs Union members is Swaziland ?
What ship captain described daily leaf movements ?
What did Nasser do to the canal ?
What year did the announcement come about Netflix becoming available on PS3 in the U.S. ?
What kind of projections are in the midgut wall ?
What Charleston College offers a degree in Building Arts ?
Which two Oppidan Houses are the oldest ?
The Byzantine had control over most of Greece in what century ?
Where did the canal that once terminated in Kathmandu originate ?
What year did Kanye West begin his relationship with Alexis Phifer ?
Who has split I2a2 into two clades ?
Which mountain range goes through Rajasthan ?
What was the German flag that was similar to the Rot-un-Wiss replaced by ?
How long were standard NES controller cables ?
What aspect of decorum is covered by practice and procedure ?
What is the area of water ?
How many transistors make up a logic gate ?
How many crew were with Kerry ?
What is the Skullcap that orthodox men wear known as ?
What country was at war with Japan in China prior to World War II ?
By what year was rice a successful commodity crop for the Lowcountry ?
According to the teaching of the Catholic religion is a savior for the world needed ?
What two areas have the numerous research facilities and offices for biotech companies ?
Why do some animals pass food through their gut twice ?
What was Spielberg bullied because of ?
What famous writers have lived in Tucson ?
How many grams were in the livre metrique ?
What was the name of the documentary released by the BBC ?
What influenced the increasing development of armor ?
How many hotels are on the island ?
How many people attended cricket at Lord 's ?
What was Whitehead 's opinion of his own knowledge of metaphysics in that correspondence ?
How many people work for the NBS ?
What is Tucson 's ABC station ?
On what date did BBC return to the air after World War II ?
What court ruled the claim of climate change refugee to be untenable ?
What issue has moved to the forefront in recent years ?
Which organization did Beyonce 's spokespeople confirm her donations to ?
Who was the designer of the Federal Reserve Building ?
Who expressed pride at overthrowing Gaddafi 's government ?
What did ITU-R start trying to do in 1983 ?
When was the earliest known Asian farm site found in South Korea ?
In what geographic region of Somalia are ancient rock paintings located ?
What are parties to a treaty forbidden to do after they have already joined a treaty ?
Who were the winners of World War II ?
Who is ellen johnson sirleaf ?
How long is Greece 's coastline ?
Which word did George W. Bush apologize for using when talking about the war ?
As an example , whose status was downgraded after the civil war ?
What is split or lumped together by a taxonomist ?
How many concert halls are in Mexico City ?
Which Indonesian leader co-founded the Non-Aligned movement with Tito ?
In what year did the St Paul 's Pro-Cathedral get built ?
What type of capacitor absorbs radio frequency interference ?
What was one of the first uses of a greenhouse ?
For what offense did Coker v. Georgia forbid the death penalty ?
With what method is royal assent generally granted ?
For what reason did Rousseau feel people joined into civil society ?
About how many escaped slaves were in New York during the time the British occupied it ?
What was the first way humans used to find food ?
Along with Castile and Poland , what country developed a law code in the Later Middle Ages ?
What measurement of a stem determines a knot 's inner tip placement ?
Written Hokkein is based on what ?
What natural order was Erichtho accused of undermining ?
How many reasons against violence did Burke present ?
What happens when both teams score the same amount of points ?
What is the name of the area which includes most countries not located in North , Central or South America ?
When were the immigration protocols relaxed in Norfolk Island ?
What genre of music is performed by MercyMe ?
What is the largest city for polyster blouse pieces in Rajasthan ?
About how many grants has the NHPRC awarded ?
What is an example of an encoder that can attach additional metadeta ?
How much of JPMorgan 's investment will go to job training ?
What did the rioters try to take over ?
In what year did Notre Dame begin to host the Global Adaptation Index ?
Who did not come back as a mentor in season 14 ?
On what day of the week are Star of the Month films aired ?
Which marshal was closest to Wissembourg ?
Who was the recipient of Frédéric 's letter he wrote on 12 December 1831 ?
What has to occur for a player in association football to be shown a red penalty card ?
Who were the players and composers during this time ?
What mountain range is west of Tucson ?
How common is the belief that alcohol and antibiotics should never be mixed ?
What does the 14th Amendment also introduce the concept of ?
What does Sampel claim had a great impact on ?
What are the 1930 's known as , in China ?
UNFPA responded to Peruvian abuses by calling for what ?
What show did several members of the cast and crew appear on in March 2015 ?
How many electrical conductors , or plates , do all capacitors contain at a minimum ?
What is Virginia Museum Theater known as today ?
To be true architecture in Ruskin 's opinion what should be done to a structure ?
When was the first digital cinema projection in Europe ?
What danger can return currents cause ?
What groups formed the Axis forces ?
What does a symphony orchestra have that is missing from a concert band ?
What is the ratio of black and Asian schoolchildren to white schoolchildren ?
What is necessary for the integrity of a design competition ?
What Saturday Night Live sketch was Schwarzenegger referencing when he called opposing politicians `` girlie men '' ?
What sort of idealist did Hegel define himself as ?
Who did Spielberg get money from to film Close Encounters ?
How much of Pakistan 's population lives in Punjab ?
The atomic bomb was a part of which movement ?
How many sales of Keeping Up Appearances have been made to non-British buyers ?
In what roles did cardinals have important roles ?
Where did the French , Spanish and Portuguese start to travel to fish yearly in 1540 ?
What percent of Ukraine is fluent in Russian as of 2006 ?
What Universal-International film was about a talking mule ?
When did De Braose die ?
Prior to the warning strike when was the last labor strike in Lviv ?
What year did Trump Plaza originally open ?
What comic strip did Bud Fisher have success with ?
Whose speech does Bellah 's 1967 article analyze ?
What is most common voltage for DC supply ?
Who was the adversary of Zeus in the titanomachy ?
What is the population of New Haven according to the 2010 United States Census ?
What can organisms be directly identified by ?
How many companies developed USB 's ?
What were small panel mosaics known as ?
What is Kingsbridge Armory being turned into ?
What is one example of the type of translations done in the Islamic Golden Age ?
What is the protection of information systems ?
The Delhi Metro consists of how many stations ?
What can antibodies with artificial fluorescence be directed to do ?
What was the shortest of the major battles fought during the stalemate ?
What is the best known of the four immeasurables ?
What is the population of Bern ?
What was a monarchy that the more middle clas could get behind and support ?
What living organisms are bacteria being reffered as ?
When were the preserved hill forts in Estonia built ?
Along with Sony Music Latin , what music recording corporation is located in Miami ?
Development in the wood manufacturing industry include using lignin to make what substance ?
How many districts make up the Kathmandu Valley urban area ?
What removed Catholic Rituals from Anglican services ?
Capello resigned as England 's football manager after a dispute over removing which player from team captaincy ?
What is the speed limit on the Sui-Yu Expressway ?
What is Santa Monica named after ?
Who was elected President in 2014 ?
Where are major touring acts hosted in the city ?
What license did Eisenhower receive in 1939 ?
The period of time from 1200 to 1000 BCE is known as what ?
What is uranium 's symbol on the Periodic Table of Elements ?
What year was it decided that if wolves and dogs were one species , then their scientific name is the name of the wild variety ?
What was the original term related to ?
What popular styles practice improvisation and ad libitum ornamentation ?
How much did Barcelona pay to sign David Villa ?
What can resources have to connect to other resources ?
When did practicers of religious humanism form under the name Humanism ?
What sort of customers did Selfridges most often cater to ?
What type of law is not found in ecclesiastical systems in the modern day ?
Who were the Japanese regarded as braver than ?
How many countries assisted in the defense of South Korea ?
what did the Sejm in Piotrków forced the magnates to do ?
Who led the British assault on Ft. Duquesne ?
Who was a judge on the British series Pop Idol in 2001 ?
When was the winner announced ?
Where is Otay Mesa found within the city ?
What year did The Times of India start ?
How do large corporations show vertical integration ?
The large metropolitan area of Boston is also called what ?
Who evaluates dogs at breed shows ?
The failure of the agreement lead to what ?
What is lowered in children who have pets ?
What are traditional region varieties of German distinguished from ?
What are the pervasive culture that is sanctioned in Burma ?
Who was the head of the Canberra torch relay committee ?
What did the colonization of South Africa result in ?
Where did Bush say the 'war on terror ' begins ?
What instrument did Frédéric play in a performance on 23 March 1833 ?
What is the Norfuk language a mixture of ?
Who was Universal 's chairman of the board of directors after the Standard Captial takeover ?
What is another name for Colleobola ?
When was the Church of the Holy Apostles built ?
Which disease did Arline succumb to ?
What is an easy way to produce hydrogen ?
What are examples of British bands termed post-punk ?
What is the phenomenon where an organism looks like another species called ?
Which U.S. department investigated the allegations ?
What did Eisenhower do when he was encouraged to respond to McCarthy 's accusations ?
Due to lack of strategic and hard power , countries are excluded from what ?
During which decade did GE start manufacuring computers ?
How many contestants moved forward from each round ?
Where did the Balkan wars take place ?
In which document did the term `` affirmative action '' first appear ?
What Roman art involved speeches made to the public ?
How many battleships did Kurita begin Operation Ten-Go with ?
What does Nanjing mean ?
Gray color is often called what when referring to dogs ?
How do larger capacitors present their electrical characteristics ?
Where did many soldiers from Hanover emigrate to ?
Who sang medieval plainchant ?
Who supported the measures of liberalisation Lissouba tried to employ to reform the economy ?
On what material did the phonautograph operate ?
What specific illness does modern evidence point to Chopin having ?
Name a property that makes copper a good material to use in marine environments ?
What does arupyadhatu mean ?
The Hongguang Emperor 's reign was thought of as the first reign of what dynasty ?
What year did Estonia 's basketball team first compete in the Summer Olympics
What types of geese are used most efficiently for their egg production ?
What competing railway company tried to open a rail route in the 1880s ?
What do the topics of the shows put on at the tablados typically relate to ?
Which Avenue is the starting location for East 2nd Street ?
The argument of the public sphere was founded on what ?
Name two dance groups that are based in Nanjing :
Which theater is known for hosting a variety of musicals and plays ?
When was the Christian Brothers of Ireland Stella Maris College established ?
Who , along with Maria Dersaismes , started a mixed gender masonic lodge ?
What culture was well established by the 6th Century BC ?
At what rank in value in the Premier League is Arsenal ?
What aesthetic did Matthew Bannister associate with post-punk ?
What modified AV protocol does the 360 utilize ?
Unlike English , both German and Dutch use how many genders in their grammar ?
When were the prisoners set free ?
Arab countries entered the financial crisis in exceptionally strong positions giving them a cushion against this ?
Which criteria is used to rank the clubs ?
What town in Germany has always had mostly Dutch speakers ?
How many of the Delhi Metro 's stations are located underground ?
What did Dell rely on that gave it a reputation ?
When did the BeiDou system begin transitioning to global coverage ?
What are examples of the first known archaeoastronomy found in Nabta Playa ?
What is the largest ethnic group in Egypt ?
What vital element is a byproduct of photosynthesis ?
What season is Spoleto Festival USA held ?
What type of oil does Rajasthan produce some of the largest amounts of in India ?
What popular Samoan band has a number in its name ?
Can the name of a certain bulb shape vary ?
What is the Expedition-1 ?
New Delhi is a small part of what larger territory ?
When did France expel its original Jewish population ?
What describe the complete symmetry group of Minkowski space including translations ?
Who organized the Concert for the People of Kampuchea ?
New Haven has a large immigrant population , what seems to be one of the main cause of it throughout the last century ?
What was the name of the governor who suggested relocating the population of Saint Helena ?
Himachal is extremely rich in ?
Whose technology influenced the user interfaces of the Lisa and Macintosh ?
What was the peak unemployment rate reached in December , 2009 ?
What was also utilized to control ground targets ?
How many underwriters was Richard M. Bowen III responsible for at Citigroup ?
In genetic linkage , what sort of point is extremely unlikely to occur ?
What is the daily average temperature in July ?
Which year brought the end to silver being in dimes and quarters ?
Who was named as the developer for Morgan Stanley 's casino resort ?
What style of architecture was used to design the Brooklyn Bridge ?
In 2010 how many movies did youtube 's rental service offer ?
When was da Vinci born ?
What agreement banned the use of CFC s ?
When was Queen 's A Night at the Opera re-released ?
How do translators preserve context ?
IN what year did the canton become a flag with crosses on it and not just a cross ?
What is one university that was formed in the early 18th century of the empire ?
What did John Rawls publish ?
What did English players do after the ban ?
What was an alternate method of charging the iPod ?
In what decade was Pub rock popular ?
Westminster Abbey suffered damage during what on 15 November 1940 ?
Where were the Zapatist forces from ?
What is a common name for a beer pump powered by hand ?
Where did Hisham base his court ?
What is becoming an international political issue ?
What does the process of dielectric absorption in a capacitor depend on ?
In addition to terminating the treaty itself , what actions by the other parties might result from one party materially violating or beaching its obligations ?
Who published `` Credit Correlation : Life After Copulas '' in 2007 ?
How many students are composed in Blocs ?
What technique is used in art to examine underlying layers of a painting without damaging it ?
Ethnic tension are between what two groups of people ?
During which months do glacial earthquakes peak in Greenland ?
Greece is where geographically ?
Did von Nemann think that the atomic bomb design was not workable ?
How often is the `` Brotherhood and Unity '' relay race done ?
What did Panorama say was the documented reason Eton was eligible for farming subsidies ?
Who owns the capital stock of The European Central Bank ?
What building is the tallest building in the old CBD ?
What was the Valencia Cathedral called from 1866 ?
What is the name of the orgination who is striving to get all the countries on the same path with primary education ?
What serves as the collective Head of State ?
Cognitive anthropologists want to know how the way people perceive and related to the world around them is linked to what ?
When was the minority leader position created ?
What did the National Revolutionary Movement 's name become ?
Who was a pop idol that started on American Idol ?
Which force are the Rangers part of ?
British relations with which area became strained in the 1760s-1770s ?
What gambit did Nasser fail at in his bluster with Israel ?
Who sent pirates to capture merchant ships ?
How many of the plants that can only be found on Norfolk Island are rare or threatened ?
What was the Latin term for the Roman inns ?
What network broadcast ArenaBowl XXI ?
The fruit fly has a brain that has how many synapses ?
How much was Sweden able to lower thier pesticide usage ?
What year was the county of Hampshire officially named ?
Which inventor went bankrupt ?
What did Apple launch on November 14 , 2003 ?
What neighbours north Zhejiang to the south ?
What country pioneered the introduction of hops for beer production ?
What is the estimate of the number of orphan genes in the human genome ?
How many stories high was the Basantapur tower ?
Assyria , Chaldea , Mesopotamia , Persia , Armenia , Egypt , Arabia , Syria , Palestine , Ethiopia , Caucasus , Libya , Anatolia , and Abyssinia were all what ?
What elements of group existence , other than people themselves , can be targets of genocide ?
What was the new Ottoman court system known as ?
What adjective did Choules use to describe the shops of Southampton 's High Street ?
A small population could exist in Alaska because of it 's lack of any significant what ?
What does the Federal Reserve target ?
In what year did Notre Dame create the Office of Sustainability ?
Which Bond producer would not confirm that the film had been changed to accommodate Mexican authorities ?
Who employed Latimer when he developed his first patent ?
Why have these recent immigrants had trouble becoming permanent residents ?
What do scholars recognize about the life of the Buddha ?
What is the common definition of dialect ?
When were Castille and Aragon united ?
Why do almost all carriers using conventional aircraft have arrested-recovery systems ?
Where did Queen play in 2003 with a famous opera singer ?
What was the highest Beyonce 's first solo recording achieved in the Billboard Hot 100 ?
What does the Sahara have little of ?
Most maquiladoras today produce what ?
What types of large fossils are found in Desert National Park ?
When was Equatorial Africa established ?
What Operation was initiated after the successful Operation Roundup ?
Which engineer was responsible for first inventing the zoetrope lamp ?
What set of skills is reliant on procedural memory ?
When was the full version of the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures released ?
Is it more common for panels to have a single design or many designs ?
What is used to allow one to control the function of wave fronts moving through an antenna ?
What was the sovereign union with Syria known ?
What can lateral gene transfer create in bacteria ?
What did Piraeus Apollo hold in his right hand ?
What was the name of the font used prior to the release of the iPod Mini ?
When did China join the Galileo project ?
What is the cost of R/O produced water ?
By what other names is the George Warren Brown School of Social Work known ?
How many fans does Azteca Stadium hold ?
It is possible and often easy to roughly discern the relative pitches of two sounds of what ?
What was the largest European city in 1667 ?
What is the name of the major railroad related museum located in New Delhi ?
In which recording studio did the Beatles do much of their recording ?
What did interception rely upon ?
What did the ascent of the Matterhorn mark ?
The astrolabe was a combination of what two devices in history ?
Which language has a word for `` green '' that is comparable to a Mongolian word for `` meadow '' ?
What high school did Feynman go to ?
What does the Padma Awards consist of ?
What award did Bell win in 1902 ?
What is the name of the American Idol theme attraction with Disney ?
What kind of choice is now available in word choice ?
In Du Cubisme who so Metzinger and Gleizes relate the sense of time to ?
What was the goal for USB 's ?
What encampment was attacked in 1932 by soldiers including Eisenhower ?
St. George 's Town , St. George 's Island and St. George 's Parish are all referred to as what ?
Much of the material in the Canon is not specifically what ?
What is another term for voice-aspirated ?
What did Raghuram Rajan speak of ?
Who completed the first Latin version of the Quran ?
In what year did Chandraguta 's son come to the throne ?
Are there any more changes coming to the map
When did the other two major British stations start color programming ?
What major public central park is located south of Avenida Italia ?
Who was the character Dill modeled after ?
Why is the port so important ?
What is Duveger 's Law ?
When did Alexander the Great reach India ?
What type of animal has a sense that adapted into sonar ?
When was the second book published ?
What style of accent in London is commonly used by media and other professionals ?
Equestrianism regained importance in Montevideo after what ?
Which former judge came back to the judges ' panel this season ?
What are two examples of films that are marketed with speeds above their true ISO speed ?
Who took power in Valencia after the Roman administration was gone ?
Who was John 's second wife ?
What has the internet been utilized for in wrestling ?
What was the goal of the council ?
What testing does the code require ?
Where in Tennessee is the headquarters of International Paper ?
In the event that the monarch refuses to give royal assent , what can the monarch make use of ?
What is the average length of years of life for canines with long lifespans ?
Name one of the groups who backed Prussia in the Franco-Russian war ?
What as a drawback of previous connectors ?
Would a thin or a thick sapwood layer be found in a pine tree ?
An important language for ancient Indian literature is what ?
In what year did Ramsay MacDonald become the Labour PM ?
Where did Kerry 's paternal grandparents immigrate from ?
Who did The League try to force economic sanctions on ?
Which number squadron was Albert appointed commanding officer in 1918 ?
Which party has the absolute majority of the seats ?
What part of the Bible references the death of Jesus ?
What languages are related to Estonian but not closely ?
How many houses were still under construction ?
What may cause some confusion in the US regarding state supreme courts ?
What part of Tucson is considered the West Side ?
