when american car companies rolled out with their domestic replacement cars , which policy ended ?
where was the central secretariat based ?
how are ' un - aided ' schools different from ' aided ' schools ?
what class of t cells recognizes intact antigens that are not associated with mhc receptors ?
how did their lawyer suggest they would plea ?
can the president of the council vote on important matters related to the european central bank ?
what is the nickname for the delta in the netherlands ?
what advancements besides military technology did europe achieve ?
what type of flower is sought on midsummer 's eve ?
what planet seemed to buck newton 's gravitational laws ?
what college is jake rosenfield associated with ?
where was france concentraing efforts ?
what is european union law ?
what commemorates warsaw 's heroic history ?
what was temur khan 's chinese - style name ?
how much of the water flow does the waal get from the rhine ?
during what period the drainage basin of the amazon likely split ?
what does the substitution of equipment for labor raise for workers ?
what is the name of the winter festival held in january that is based on fitness ?
is a problem instance typically characterized as abstract or concrete ?
besides fats , fatty acids , and amino acids , what other organic compounds contain oxygen ?
what modern city did khanbaliq become ?
after the rhine emerges from lake constance , what direction does it flow ?
where is the home of the sunnyside country club ?
what year did king sigismund iii vasa move his court to warsaw ?
who was bill aiken 's adopted mother ?
whose ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment ?
by what other name was the gate known ?
what is another word for long , planar igneous intrusions ?
the west saw the east as what ?
by what main attribute are computational problems classified utilizing computational complexity theory ?
what decreased in number between 1984 and 1991 ?
although not a fuel   _ _ _ is the chemical compound the generates the most occurrence of explosions .
other than many sunny days , what characteristic is typical for the climate in souther california ?
when did holden announce that it will close its victoria plant ?
what is the name of the village that once existed in what is now downtown jacksonville ?
how did the yuan come to have the 4 schools of medicine ?
what needs to be avoided with civil disobedience ?
who is the current premier of victoria ?
what is a common occurrence during summer days ?
how cold does this region of victoria get in the winner ?
what sin were the leaders the extremists attacked guilty of ?
how much saharan dust is blown and falls upon the caribbean sea each year ?
where does newly created wealth concentrate ?
who can enforce european union law ?
what is the delta in the rhine delimited in the west by ?
what happens first if a directive 's deadline for implementation is not met ?
what do all member states agree takes precedence over national law ?
in what year did enr compile data in nine market segments ?
what is there a push for in the u.s. to reduce consumer drug costs ?
where is the asian influence strongest in victoria ?
how many receptors on a helper t cell must be bound to a mhc : antigen complex in order for the cell to be activated ?
who is required to verify and have existing utility lines marked ?
what dynasty came after the yuan ?
how many sororities are apart of the university ?
how is the o2 molecule referred to in its ground state ?
this network influenced   later models of
what method was used to clear forest for crop cultivation in the amazon forest ?
when was zhu shijie born ?
at what point does oxygen toxicity begin to happen ?
natural killer cells recognize cells that should be targeted by a condition known as what ?
what does ctenophore mean in greek ?
what building from the 19th century was destroyed between the 1950s and 1960s ?
taking evidence from witnesses is one of committees ' what ?
what happens as they build phase 1 ?
j. a. hobson wanted which races to develop the world ?
what is the second most abundant element ?
where does the ijssel branch flow ?
what are the two symbols that signify pharmacy in english - speaking countries ?
what are three examples of complexity classes associated with definitions established by probabilistic turing machines ?
how large was the audience bskyb said they could reach ?
what was the end of the war of the austrian succession ?
what was diverted and now flows parallel to the rhine ?
how many people in quzhou are descended from confucius ?
how and when did the first variant of y. pestis enter europe ?
what was the english name of gou 's calendar ?
what were the saxon palace and brühl palace in prewar warsaw ?
the kronenberg palace had been an exceptional example of what type of architecture ?
which region of california is palm springs located in ?
which ctenophora have been studies the most ?
how was this possible
what other clashes were involved in taking louisbourg ?
what other european protestant leader was educated at the university of paris ?
what country are all the counties in ?
what tribe uses gps devices to map lands ?
what organization did harvard found in 1900 ?
which principle is based on the appearance of fossils in sedimentary rocks ?
what report had the correct date ?
what liberal succeeded joseph willard as president ?
vaginal secretions serve as a chemical protective barrier following what ?
what ethnic neighborhood in fresno had primarily japanese residents in 1940 ?
what territory was ceded to britain ?
what are the phagocytes that are located in tissues in contact with the external environment called ?
other than the motion picture and television industry , what other major industry is centered in los angeles ?
what is another term for rotors ?
who loved warsaw so much that he kept putting it in his novels ?
what type of manufacturing plant is victoria soon losing ?
what is circuit switching characterized by
where does the nederrijn change it 's name ?
what notable private school has an endowment of several hundred million dollars ?
