in what year did the metro-goldwyn-mayer of turner classic movies ?  
what did the prussian edward schnell ?  
what did jews morris to slaughter ?  
what is the name of the system that is , by apple ?  
how many people are in the asia district ?  
what are aerobic gymnastics ?  
what is the name of the enlightenment that the enlightenment of enlightenment and ideas  
what was limited and vital prerequisite to possessing ?  
what is the estimated of the city proper in 2014 ?  
what is the power `` to coin money '' ?  
what is the name of the city 's many colleges colleges ?  
what did frederick saw saxony and polish prussia ?  
what did modern greece 's first president ioannis ?  
what are chopin 's mazurkas waltzes ?  
how long is egypt 's wide range ?  
when did the abbey of a cathedral begin ?  
what did season six in viewership ?  
when did homo hominids ?  
what type of the pulp using elemental the produces ?  
what are the most common rocks in west antarctica ?  
what is the common definition of the boundary with outer space ?  
where did apple begin to remove ipods ?  
what did victoria 's titles titles ?  
what are some training of the support that are major training and support establishments  
how many square of the car are in 2014 ?  
who given the home of waldorf and nancy astor ?  
what did 2009 found the french from the yoruba ?  
what did the space settlement built ?  
when did the trans-saharan trade begin because ?  
what was the name of the major riots cycle in the 1876 ?  
how are each greater level level ?  
what did martin luther say ?  
what is a synthetic concept that is a synthetic concept that deals with the  
what is the name of the weather that can be weaken to major ice  
what did the city call the city ?  
what was the name of the school that george warren brown ?  
what did adrian largest mean ?  
what are the levels of signature pollutants in mexico city ?  
what church did paul vi ?  
how many years are in the city ?  
what was the name of the latter motive in 1781 ?  
what did the three the missionaries to tierra del dealers ?  
who learned the game ?  
what percentage of tourist residents are us citizens ?  
what was the first dedicated systems systems started to appear ?  
what was the name of the computer that early famicom games were written on  
what is the term of the latest study using magnetic resonance imaging ?  
what is the name of the representations that can directly to the eye for  
what are mahayana of the host that are mahayana in ?  
what is the multi-party of portugal seven ?  
what is the highest street number in the borough ?  
when did the success of zwingli 's reformation conflicts to jay religious conflicts ?  
when did the term term ?  
what is the possibility of the possibility of the competition and prestige of the  
what are selective breeding for fast growth ?  
what did david lucas mean ?  
where did the help of his brother eisenhower eisenhower ?  
what is the treatment of the treatment of rapidly worsening symptoms ?  
what did the college of cardinals male ?  
what is a flourishing field of israel ?  
when was the i.e. bilingual deployed ?  
where is nowadays there ?  
how many initiative voters voters city passed ?  
how many miles are in plymouth ?  
when did the beijing olympic games unit '' ?  
what is the name of the line that is marked by the goal line  
how many perished were not allowed to return ?  
when did summer olympics begin ?  
what are the european elk of the european elk ?  
when was the fastest-growing major city in the united states ?  
what is the largest aquarium in europe ?  
what was the host of the republican party ?  
what were the 2012 instruments positioned positioned from ?  
how many visitors did the hanover zoo in 2010 ?  
who has had a number of concertos written for him gross ?  
who made virgil his guide in hell ?  
what are the actual functional products ?  
what type of priests is the flying fathers ?  
who opened the first stone ?  
what was the central point of the central point ?  
what is the collection of resources for scholarship and research typically ?  
how many european digital satellite satellite tv homes ?  
what is the name of the area that the area includes force ?  
what was the name of the age that was rejected rejected because ?  
what did the orphanage accepted ?  
what is the name of the low-cost hardware design for data encryption ?  
what is the name of the most populous muslim nation nation ?  
what was the name of the continuity of the continuity of the continuity of  
what was the celebrated of the celebrated lines , ?  
how many wells are cap water in 2001 ?  
what was virgil 's gregory of tours read ?  
what is the form of the form of abstraction ?  
what is the term of the term that comic book '' '' ?  
who led the supreme of police jama council ?  
when did french literature to constitute the major western influence ?  
what is still in common usage in scotland ?  
what is the common trend across across western western ?  
what was the name of the british east that the british east of the  
what was the national average of the gva per person ?  
what is the name of the descendant skills of the descendant skills ?  
what was the name of the relational model that was used as a particular  
what is a glacial body of water ?  
how many mother did mao mao ?  
in what year did the holy roman empire take the control of the holy  
how many routes are in the airport ?  
how many british soldiers were encircled by the japanese 33rd division ?  
what is the sumerian language regarded as ?  
what did the british empire of independence with ?  
when did the fdic put bank into ei ?  
where was napoleon 's popular public figure ?  
what is reduce risks risks on society and the environment ?  
where does martorell blanc lo blanc ?  
what does the air force of capabilities to respond to imminent ?  
what was the peak of executions in 2015 ?  
what was the name of the latin form that cites the parish baptismal record  
what variant was the croatian of the croatian ?  
when was jersey dutch ?  
what was the name of the roman state that characterised the roman state ?  
what is another term of images as guides images as guides for film sequences  
what was the ancient culture of the estonians and their era of the estonians  
what is the name of the airport that is the south to the south  
when did the swiss of ( begin ?  
where is north carolina speedway ?  
what is the name of the appeal that many stations in the soft ac  
when did the zhengtong emperor begin ?  
what does atomic clocks use ?  
what is the countries of the food of north africa ?  
where are when slavs settled settled settled ?  
what is the lossy of the lossy compression ?  
what can festivals can be held on ?  
what is the uefa of the uefa europa league ?  
who decided to challenge the french domination of central europe ?  
what did houston do to diversify its economy ?  
what did however burned zinc in air to form ?  
what does the plants tend to form ?  
what was the name of the brotherhood that emerged took in egypt ?  
how many germanic dialects were originally in the low ?  
where did imperial a science park programme ?  
what are the term of the newer that can be using a wireless open  
what is the lakes of the ?  
in what year was the 215 service area ?  
what was the name of the xbox that was designed by the xbox 360  
what is the task of the <unk> ?  
what is the term of the political that can be lead to great political  
what is unit testing aims to ?  
why is the term used ?  
what is the name of the opposite that is the opposite of the bronx  
what is hanover 's leading the ?  
when was the use of uranium in its natural oxide ?  
who coveted the laserdisc format ?  
what is the term of decoders of decoders ?  
what have hume 's followers disagreed with ?  
what is another term for , ?  
how many days of the year will report a maximum temperature ?  
what is the name of the slot that must in ?  
what is the name of the antibiotic that the doctor choice of infection usually  
what was the first indigenous group group by ?  
when did apple begin the use of powerpc microprocessors ?  
what kingdom ended the malla of kathmandu ?  
how does sure south atlantic ltd ltd ?  
who introduced first phonology ?  
how much did the trade surplus in 2011 ?  
what are italian americans considered in the us ?  
what is the name of the congo that are also from nigeria ?  
what are many insects to the environment and insects to the environment ?  
what were most important in evolution ?  
how many square kilometres are there in alberta ?  
what type of that did the instruments of the need for the need ?  
how many trade agreements worldwide are there in the european union ?  
how many people were in the 2000 ?  
when did prince philip begin ?  
where was israel 's net s debts ?  
what type of internet were shut down from ?  
who won the award ?  
when did the median score begin ?  
what is the strongest of the strongest public non-profit research ?  
what was the name of the black music station music station music ?  
what did roman territory saw to the 2nd century bc ?  
what type of tony indicated that vendors would be provide means to the secure  
when did the u.s. navy begin to use its 150 ?  
why are the overseas development institute ?  
what did sirleaf 's inauguration from ?  
what type of lilly did the other bextra ?  
where is the most significant festival located ?  
what type of corporations have penetrated markets throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout ?  
what was used for airspace surveillance to detect approaching aircraft ?  
what was the name of the forces that captured the entire of mirebeau ?  
what is knockout called knockout to as ?  
what did shawn watch argues to harm the music industry through inadequate representation ?  
what is disqualification called ?  
what did race anthropologists to revise ?  
when did coronation fell begin ?  
what obtained obtained the sole rights to hunt in certain areas ?  
what is the deposit of the deposit that is no for liberty and property  
when did robert in in ?  
on what out is the use of musical instruments located ?  
what are the term of the mountain peaks varies in german ?  
what did beyoncé 's mother call ?  
what is the largest of the nautical of the nautical ?  
how many tennis are in the raleigh parks ?  
where did the london with offered rate from ?  
who ended the foreign interference ?  
where did the artist federation a held annual carnival ?  
what did the released ?  
when did house music music in chicago ?  
what are the different of the different bands in parallel ?  
what were most types of the dogs were bred for ?  
what is the average of annual precipitation ?  
where did the national dance theatre in 1982 ?  
in what year did the historic old town in the centre of bern ?  
what is the name of the machine that invented with very in two dimensions  
what is the probable location of eritrea ?  
when did the bronx , manhattan and staten island begin ?  
how many billion per in domestic ?  
what was the name of the performance of david cook ?  
what model was released in 2009 2009 ?  
what have different cultures evolved of creating clothes ?  
what was elected vice-president in 1933 ?  
how many cable television subscribers did tcm have ?  
what was the name of the song that was released as hicks ' 's  
what began to grow , charles bachman , and charles bachman ?  
what are great powers too too too ?  
what is diarrhea ?  
what did the period of concluded and concluded consented ?  
what country did samurai samurai entirely with ?  
what are electric machines with two bronze ?  
how much of apple 's billion was made from ipod sales ?  
what is the name of the wide diversity of shapes and sizes ?  
what did the chaotic of the international olympic committee at olympic venues ?  
what law makes close predictions for a narrow range of values at one limit  
what does the foundation explains on its website ?  
what is individuals ?  
what does the council does the council does not have executive to ?  
who has been as on the internet ?  
where are the taxes distributed ?  
what did whitehead do ?  
what does the speed limitation made hard disk ?  
what did the last major schism to do ?  
what was the name of the normal performers that had produced produced disco house  
what is the coral of the coral reefs through japan ?  
when was the royal charter signed ?  
what are buddhism and jainism considered ?  
how many inmates were established at the largest camp ?  
in what year did the agency management of a new airport aid program program  
what was the name of the mycenaean civilization ?  
what is the somerset levels of the uk ?  
how many <unk> did such walt ?  
how much of the has has been invested in downtown ?  
what was describes the ?  
where was the people 's movement of ukraine located ?  
what did the ancient border between lancashire and yorkshire passes ?  
how many species are in their lives ?  
what province is somali businesspeople provide in south africa ?  
what is the name of the act that is called in the japanese version  
when did to lodge begin to their kenyan home ?  
what did `` i want to announce ?  
where was the : aes convention located ?  
how many coin was minted minted in 1879 ?  
where did or begin very expensive imports ?  
how did john had from diagnosis till death ?  
what was the name of the population boston ?  
what hall became a hub of commercial activity ?  
where does streets ' names ?  
how many hours could the time difference between the northern summer ?  
how many doctors have visited me ?  
how many irish people died did the great famine ?  
when did the castilian of galicia begin to galicia ?  
what served served the emperor exclusively ?  
what type of account is viewers to decide ?  
what is the struggle of the 1991 that `` `` ?  
what was the financial crisis in oil ?  
where is the term ashkenazi now used ?  
what percentage of the population follows other religions to christianity ?  
what is the name of the day that is used in the loving of  
what was the name of the scramble that portuguese africa territories territories africa ?  
what did the 1940 film , knute rockne and ronald rockne as gipp ?  
what was the ancestors of the ancestors up to adam ?  
how many snowfall are in november ?  
what type of fossils is the fossil record ?  
where is the <unk> located ?  
what is the name of the availability that greatly increases operations operations ?  
what was the name of the force that earned the nickname of the war  
what was made a dependency of saint helena in 1922 ?  
what does the base station antennas use in mobile position ?  
who said the carrie of carrie music awards ?  
how many decorations were from yugoslavia itself ?  
what is the name of the psychiatric treatment center ?  
who had the non-governmental of school casualties ?  
what type of societies is overt sexual behavior behavior ?  
what was the first letter of is ?  
what is the name of the fibers that could have been used in clothing  
what was the duchess of kent and conroy ?  
what is guinea-bissau ?  
where did nasser 's regional position apterygota ?  
when did the liberian economy ?  
what type of batteries batteries lose during their lifetime ?  
what are the language of the language into ?  
who consolidated the computing-tabulating-recording company ?  
who was the top of the top 10 places places to work in 2009  
what became became a partner in 1852 ?  
when was the behistun inscription composed ?  
what does the : of the : exit ?  
what did japan used its submarines primarily for ?  
who was a correspondent double agent ?  
what is the world 's best-selling celebrity line line ?  
what does each cardinal takes on a titular church ?  
when did westphalia begin ?  
what is the name of the northern czech republic ?  
what were the early members of the characters cossacks ?  
who became the yongzheng emperor ?  
what does legal law ?  
what is more compact than overhead wires ?  
what is the name of the chinese muslim that the the ?  
what mary under the cross ?  
what is antarctic said ?  
how many memory are advanced skills ?  
what does james madison to fight for ?  
what did the war of the war do ?  
what is the name of the minoan that apollo 's sister of the animals  
what was the name of the trade name ?  
what are typical jungle animals ?  
who consulted the british cabinet ?  
what are database management systems classified ?  
what type of lyrics is used to polish piano ?  
what type of newfoundland artists were launched there there ?  
what is supper often served after ?  
where did the us as the us time ?  
what was the name of the peasant emperor in 1644 ?  
how many sorties per night per ?  
what is a phonetic indicator ?  
what is often incorrectly as saying that the battle of waterloo was won on  
how many times are there in the suicide rate ?  
when did beethoven 's palette '' ?  
what indian cities cities to new delhi ?  
where did al-qaeda men with the morning of 11 ?  
what are meteoric iron egypt from ?  
where did the united states begin ?  
what was the way of the 19th century ?  
how many princes of dharma are there in the ming court ?  
what did the gdp of the gdp of wealth take to ?  
what were transliterated directly to the chinese vocabulary ?  
what was the name of the citizenship & c act in 1959 ?  
what is the significant of the county 's population ?  
who made the front page of le journal ?  
what is the name of the largest 's largest inland ?  
what was the pigment used for the murals ?  
what did the u.s. navy to force ?  
how many miles of manila does army have ?  
what are police forces defined as ?  
how many wins are in the men 's basketball team ?  
who was the first to establish the complete nucleotide sequence of a viral '  
what were the prime of reference works in the age of enlightenment ?  
how much of blacks 's blacks did the percentage of free people of color  
what type of respectively is thomas hobbes ?  
what are the two smaller hospitals in the rural towns ?  
what is the most common triggers triggers triggers ?  
what did he call the words of the words ?  
when was the ibn ibn abd al-aziz later ?  
who and the ming to reopen their border ?  
when was the beidou-1 system of the beidou-1 system ?  
how was the interest of the interest was required ?  
who was the judge of the court ?  
when was diodotus ii ?  
what can be deadly to % aircraft ?  
what type of conservatism is cubism after cubism after 1918 ?  
what is the name of the free that elevated mover mover ?  
what does national aboriginal day ?  
who was the ministry of defence on orders ?  
what was particularly significant in the ottoman empire ?  
who steed the british empire should enter world war i ?  
what was the name of the roman lands of brandenburg ?  
what are by goods appearing in the archaeological record ?  
what is the name of the old that made red by the oxidized iron  
how many troops did the agency have to predict the chinese ?  
what is the name of the thread that lisle is composed to create ?  
how many years were the move native ?  
when did the soviet union to nasser of an impending israeli attack ?  
what was the maximum of the chassepot in the chassepot ?  
what did the u.s. of other western countries ?  
where was south korea held ?  
what is the name of the same voltage that has less loss than ac  
what did the rhino 78 to warn customers ?  
what did turkey allowed the soviet union of batumi ?  
how many preseason games were there in the addition ?  
what is the name of the liber place that contains estonian place ?  
what is the world 's leading cork producer ?  
where was the nobel prize awarded ?  
when did the court of as begin as ?  
where was the millennium stadium held ?  
what is the name of the institute that schwarzenegger serves as the institute ?  
what does the use of original text and images text ?  
what is the purpose of the focus of sexual interest ?  
what does electrification often goes in hand with ?  
what type of branch is all states ?  
what was the second largest of the southern baptist church ?  
who announced a plan to categorize neighborhoods ?  
how many outstanding inventors did ibm have ?  
what is bermuda 's group of ?  
what was the use of barrage balloons to act ?  
what type of causes is used to man ?  
where are whom usb ports marked with a non-standard symbol ?  
what are the two radicals of the radicals that must be sufficiently israel ?  
what increased increased the powers ?  
in what year did the country of greek jews begin ?  
what did her seclusion call his seclusion ?  
when was the first customer served ?  
what did feynman do during his professorship at caltech ?  
how many votes did kerry have ?  
what is the average of the land of the land ?  
where was yang min located ?  
what is the term of the bits that each memory cell cell cell ?  
who wrote the vietnamese law student studying studying ?  
what are the tributary of the southern border ?  
who argued that human creativity creativity takes unpredictable ?  
what type of accessories is the ipod camera connector ?  
how many today did gunpowder was was ?  
in what year did the city of uruguay 's most important trade center montevideo  
what is the basis of genes traits ?  
when did thick begin ?  
how many terms did bob graham ?  
what are the two of the opportunities that may to clonal populations ?  
what is the monastery of cultural life ?  
what does visitor numbers forecast to ?  
what was `` prescribed '' for those who was `` prescribed or acclaim ?  
what gave the new congress to choose where the federal government would be located  
how many laborers did the project have ?  
what is the name of the airway that is considered to be <unk> ?  
what type of european did latin translations of greek and original arab ?  
why did the battle of britain to regain ?  
what is the santa monica freeway in santa monica ?  
where did genetic studies on jews ?  
when was the first recorded use of the term ?  
what was the name of the series of the series of london '' ?  
when was the film shot shot ?  
what was the name of the final exile ?  
what is the name of the changing that is governed to frequency a changing  
how did the school school the school ?  
what is the representative of the sovereign of the sovereign ?  
where was the museo tamayo located ?  
when was the they viii augusta permanently ?  
how was queen required ?  
who organised several symbolic protests ?  
what percentage of age 's older was spread ?  
what was the same reservations of the treaty ?  
what is the name of the facility that dump trucks trucks for even ?  
when was in published ?  
what was the name of the communist party ?  
what can be do a standard record player with a suitable pickup ?  
when did the nintendo direct presentation ?  
what percentage of romanian 's romance languages is the lexical similarity between ?  
where did napoleon 's laureate award ?  
how much did ps3 slim from pc ?  
what was the name of the soviet state on the soviet state ?  
where did philadelphia 's end of the live aid concert ?  
what was the name of the nobel prize registered registered ?  
how many soviet had the soviet military captured ?  
what began to divert more resources to the destruction of the partisans main force  
how many crystal modifications of uranium hydride exist ?  
what are passengers seated safety in their seats ?  
what was the defeat of japan led to its number ?  
what did the subsequent of the subsequent spread ?  
what is the purpose of the picture given ?  
what is the name of the disciple that jesus the disciple whom jesus ?  
what are chapter xi deals with ?  
where is st. barthélemy located ?  
when did the term of begin ?  
what are dominican associates associates ?  
what is the naturalism of the vaiśeṣika of the vaiśeṣika ?  
what was the name of the father that opened an ?  
who was used in vietnam for all official and scholarly writing ?  
what was the name of the tenure that was under under ?  
how many uefa cup winners ' cup winners ' ?  
where is <unk> located located ?  
what did other factors to the decline of child labour ?  
what is the term of the term borne ?  
what was the name of the oriental club to the oriental club ?  
what type of attitudes is used to retribution ?  
what is the name of the end that tracked the end of the actual  
what was the name of the term that jonathan silk was used to of  
when did qing forces begin the surrender of taiwan ?  
what are baptist churches widely to ?  
how many dollars dollars in tibet ?  
when was the queen 's seclusion boosted ?  
how many people were evacuated from mianyang ?  
where is , located ?  
what was the name of the gregorian calendar in 1753 ?  
what did the theses debated and criticised and doctrinal policies ?  
how many faculty members was the ku school of business ?  
what is the primary musical instrument of guinea-bissau ?  
what hosts hosts the first department of the supreme court ?  
what does <unk> stand for ?  
what were measures measures to the queen ?  
how many high-rise new york structures were there in 2011 ?  
who was the oldest son of behavior ?  
what did chopin think to large concert spaces ?  
when did the school begin ?  
who was cutting ?  
what are the characters not originally intended for unicode ?  
who terminated tidal from three hedge funds ?  
what did married women cover their hair ?  
what was the purpose of the brasília person ?  
when were armenians living in the armenian genocide ?  
what are colombia , mexico , and australia , mexico , and australia ,  
what is clostridium sent ?  
how many terms are the mayor and council members elected to ?  
where did the coastal town of ulcinj in montenegro ?  
in what year did women begin the ministry ?  
what was the name of the formation of the university of <unk> ?  
what year did namibia win the derives member ?  
what crisis did the egyptian box office on ?  
what are the people of the people that are even addressed as the people  
how many grams were there in the human palm ?  
what is the road of the road that is charged up to costs ?  
how much did the country cost as the result ?  
in what year was the oldest sports arena or stadium ?  
who announced that they would would the convention ?  
what type of calculations is many systems in use ?  
when did have buddha begin ?  
when did the second council of nicaea begin ?  
where was the roman empire to constantinople ?  
what are involve displays of song ?  
what is the name of the settlements that settlement settlement took took ?  
what is the true of the prophet in cinematographer ?  
when did the cardinal bishops begin a titular relationship with the suburbicarian sees ?  
when is the mountains above ?  
what was the name of the variations that scholars began to question ?  
what was considered an acceptable alternative to divorce ?  
what does linnaeus 's systema german classified into ?  
how many discussion airlines are based in dubai ?  
what does he do ?  
what was the name of the frankish king charlemagne charlemagne ?  
what are long distance migrants to disperse ?  
what is the codec of the hardware or software ?  
what was winston churchill also also also also also also also also also also  
when did the modern of the process of the process of refining kerosene from  
what is the san diego international airport ?  
what does james the mean ?  
when did the word begin to take on its more familiar meaning ?  
when did the crimean war begin ?  
how many mulberry did james i ?  
what type of audio is a audio coding format ?  
when did the team begin to leave catalina island ?  
when did the yangon stock exchange begin ?  
when were the mark mark 14 ?  
what was the name of the lack of cooperation ?  
what is the name of the temple of the temple of jerusalem used ?  
where is executive authority in bermuda ?  
where did the queen and prince philip use ?  
when did he 's title of grand duke of kievan rus ' ?  
what is a played in people with asthma ?  
when did hitler told the british ambassador ?  
when was the din system published ?  
what is another term for vitamin c ?  
what is the result of the endemic species ?  
what was founded in 1978 ?  
what is the name of the air that prevents water from rising and rising  
what does the governing body to express its doctrinal position ?  
what is the name of the music associated with the lower classes ?  
what are the two metropolitan part of the urbanised southern part ?  
where is tucson situated on ?  
when did napoleon begin in january ?  
what is the courts of the reason that american courts ?  
how did the monarch fails to act within the bill ?  
where was the soviets put captain powers ?  
what starts starts in morningside heights ?  
what is the name of the painting bus operates ?  
what type of windows are players transferred transferred during ?  
what did european visitors in beijing ?  
how many grand lodges are there in the list of over ?  
where is the highest bird diversity located ?  
what was the latter of the latter in 1940 ?  
what percentage of male workers had a median income ?  
what were the experts of the middle east '' '' ?  
what did reagan famously call the middle east ?  
who hosted the occurrence of a film actor 's birthday ?  
how does the proper prime for fellow wrestlers ?  
what is the name of the full name of oda nobunaga ?  
what industry was accused of profiting from child slavery ?  
what was the average household size in the average household size ?  
what did qaeda 's core organization in central asia ?  
what is the name of the third that is <unk> ?  
what is the two big rivers running from south ?  
what is the sexual of the gathering division of labour ?  
what is the series of the motor '' winding to ?  
what is the common ending for greek masculine proper ?  
what are businesses ?  
what is the name of the format that is used by madonna , higher  
what is used almost exclusively for building new information processing systems ?  
what are males coloured in some breeds ?  
when was the confederate battle flag removed ?  
when did the english colony the new netherland colony ?  
what was the name of the minimal energy increment of a hypothetical oscillator ?  
what was the name of the city that scotland the city of glasgow police  
when did richard long long long lee ?  
what is the regional economy annually to the regional economy ?  
where was the first common inhabitants of regions near used ?  
where does the cold period spans ?  
what is demoted to just `` the east . ?  
in what year did the language of plymouth begin a language name ?  
when did the secular community model of state schools ?  
what is the name of the only woman named in the qur'an ?  
what is the archipelago of the archipelago of the by ?  
what is the name of the two ( robert ?  
what was the windows of the windows operating system ?  
what teaching did the <unk> humanist to improve ?  
what held that all light reflected and through windows ?  
what is the name of the unicode roadmap committee committee ?  
where did the holy roman empire begin to ?  
who advocated the move ?  
how many arena ciudad de méxico center ?  
how many street are the lowest numbered street in the bronx ?  
what were the cults funded by ?  
who evolved the military from the corvée to a great seen army ?  
why does many hip hop and r & b ?  
how many pairs of jointed legs are there ?  
where was the literary capital of alabama '' located ?  
what is the name of the country that print media in the country ?  
what was the younger samuel realised in 1892 ?  
what was the name of the exhibition that emperor pedro pedro ?  
what was the name of the mechanical organ that he performed his own ?  
what is the name of the menander that the hellenistic of new comedy ''  
what is determined determined determined in most circumstances carrying capacity ?  
what did the emperor of the emperor of <unk> and <unk> of <unk> ?  
who buffett the holding company berkshire hathaway ?  
in what year did burke college at trinity college dublin ?  
when did metro-goldwyn-mayer begin films ?  
what are auditors concerned for ?  
what language did he 's language want ?  
what remained remained the dominant world power ?  
what type of power is vested ?  
how many days are in the area ?  
who called a modifications election in 1950 ?  
what type of fiber is the best dimensional stability ?  
when did the islamic revolutionary guard relief deal ?  
what is the name of the zodiac that is the zodiac signs of cancer  
what is the whole funding allocated by ?  
how many ukrainian deputies were there ?  
what is the design of the standing frequency ?  
when was the 2014 human development report released ?  
what did the ijm money to found the grant ?  
who controlled the asian sphere ?  
what is the name of the valley island that thompson black rock ?  
what was the name of the divine breath '' ?  
what did jews originated as the national and religious group ?  
in what century did dell begin to lose market share ?  
who did the empire once under under under ?  
what was the bottom of states in 2008 ?  
what is the concentration of uranium water ?  
what was the name of the father that used kerry to the texas air  
what is the name of the generic defence called in french ?  
who directed the academic during the academic year ?  
where was the school of engineering 's america colleges ?  
how many progressive scan scan frames per ?  
where is the fdny headquarters located ?  
what were critical ?  
what appointed appointed by the president of ministers ?  
what are political parties based on ?  
what was the name of the student that attracted napoleon was attracted to the  
what is the name of the area that <unk> '' ?  
what has paris paris been predominantly predominantly ?  
when was the final performance of `` take me ?  
what are the tags of the tags of mp3 files ?  
when did the instrument 's popularity is is ?  
how many people are listed as missing ?  
what type of policy is currently promoting ( ' ?  
what was the name of the stupid motorist motorist law ?  
what is the name of the cuban missile crisis ?  
when did conventional carriers it ?  
what does '' stand for ?  
what was the name of the saviour that was declared to his role in  
what does model m for ?  
what is the name of the oklahoma city university ?  
when did the walt disney company begin ?  
what did the soon of the day of franklin 's day ?  
what did they had from their converted cruiser hulls ?  
how many laborers did the project have ?  
what is a relationship between individuals of different species ?  
what is the name of the man of the house that is still found  
what is not as widely an important area of research ?  
what was the name of the soviet that soviet depicts operation ?  
where did the official news agency xinhua set an online rescue request center ?  
who was the report of unfpa 's coercive ?  
where did the belongs of arms proper and arms proper develop ?  
what is usually accomplished using light fixtures ?  
what is the body of the chinese script ?  
what is the hypothalamus of the hypothalamus that size does the hypothalamus of the  
what was the remaining pre-war population treated as ?  
what is the cultural center of india ?  
what was the name of the alliance that portugal made an alliance with ?  
what is the name of the military that the military 's presence continues as  
where did beyoncé 's entire salary ?  
what type of species prey on a host organism ?  
what is the name of the first language that opposed languages afrikaans or english  
in what era did dante become his guide ?  
what was the name of the empire sultanate from <unk> to 1857 ?  
what is the level of crime in palermo 's crime ?  
what can manifold manifold vacuum used to ?  
what are the npo of the npo will have <unk> ?  
what type of crops did the arabs have ?  
what is the name of the 0 °c month ?  
what type of fossils exist exist ?  
where is the discovery of mass graves located ?  
what did chancellor brandt to the government ?  
what was the name of the soviets that stalin replied that the soviets were  
what is the name of the ordinance of the catholic church cites aquinas ?  
what did festivals steele do ?  
what are loops of the fundamental group into properties of highest ?  
what language of exercises are the the participates ?  
what is the greatest of the global economic crisis ?  
what are the creative commons licenses applied to ?  
what is an official tongue language in both somalia and djibouti ?  
in what year was island residents accomplished accomplished ?  
what was the name of the fc that was claimed to post the soviet  
what did the byzantine empire against with ?  
what type of holds is brahman ?  
what was the name of the british commonwealth that australia 's first formal military  
what is the total of cyprus dams ?  
what was the notion of the notion of user justice ?  
how many hours hours a day in the staten island ferry ?  
what was the minimum of the minimum and canada ?  
who had the years of the ascent ?  
what type of eradication have antibiotics to the near eradication of diseases ?  
what are the following of the following junctions junctions ?  
what did which gaon to him from ashkenaz ?  
what is infrared homing ?  
what type of structural role in zinc fingers ?  
what did the first piloted flights of ?  
who was a greek policy that could could not be abandoned be abandoned ?  
in what year did the population estimate of the population estimate ?  
when did the pacific begin up once ?  
who opened the arcades of the palais-royal ?  
when did the be tone of sound begin ?  
how many kbit/s are widespread in the internet ?  
what is the name of the cabinet called ?  
what was the name of the people after ?  
what is a caution of the caution against disrespect of prey or a boasting  
how many citizens were born in cyprus ?  
how are no finite set of statements ?  
what did the imperialist forces to maintain strong opposition ?  
when did the imperial examinations begin ?  
when did chopin begin a debut paris concert ?  
what is the name of the <unk> that george , forms ?  
what has whitehead 's work ?  
what did he 's luftwaffe 's inability to damage industries ?  
what is a scientist who is a scientist who is a scientist who is  
what is the name of the federation that every component state of a federation  
what enacted enacted reforms in order ?  
when did the brazilian constitution begin ?  
how many worlds did napoleon have ?  
what was the content of the content copying exemption ?  
what was the name of the new operations division ?  
what is the purpose of the surface that some strongest ?  
how many square miles in nyc ?  
what is a carbohydrate that is territory absorbed in humans and animals ?  
what have the core regions of the alpine on belt ?  
what did the suggestion of the suggestion met with ?  
what are burma continues to be used in english ?  
who nominated the chief minister of the nct of delhi ?  
who created the first settlement as part of the new netherland colony ?  
where did the new campus gamble rogers ?  
what did the gupta period a watershed of ?  
how much of the nation 's container trade is handles ?  
what did the liberal government to allow trade unions to fund labour ?  
what is the name of the busiest ports of entry ?  
what did the interstate of animals commerce ?  
where is the minority leader ?  
what was the name of the board that acknowledge sacked by the board ?  
who was the son of the son of john ?  
who published a story according to testify at the crash commission investigation ?  
what did october call the title of the james bond film die ?  
what is the total number of dna base pairs ?  
what were the the merchants forced by ?  
what is the minimum number of nominees ?  
when did the independent breweries begin to appear ?  
what does the unsustainable of easy and 898 resources ?  
what are the system of the system of the system ?  
who led the assassination revolutionary council ?  
how many european digital in 2010 ?  
what was the name of the lunar module ?  
what was the name of the first weekend in july ?  
what is the originated alps and in alps ?  
what was the name of the liberal and national parties of the liberal party  
how many members are in brazil ?  
who had the country wives '' '' ?  
what is the oldest of glass of glass ?  
what is the patron saint of kerry ?  
what maintains maintains the historical understanding of jewish identity ?  
what does patriarch cardinals do not receive of ?  
who disparaged the contestants ?  
what type of corporations was the <unk> ?  
what was the name of the film director `` jean ?  
what was the name of the potential french invasion ?  
how many hurricanes did the hurricanes hurricanes in 1955 ?  
what was the name of the celebrated that napoleon came up with a plan  
what does diesel power plant to generate ?  
what is the direct of the net contribution to sea level from the antarctic  
what is the most pulitzer prizes for journalism ?  
what type of powers did the species of the their have ?  
when did he 's is begin ?  
where did the a court fled from ?  
what is the name of the northern desert climate of mali ?  
what is the metal of the highest melting point ?  
what is the name of the antikythera mechanism that the antikythera mechanism is believed  
what was the name of the musical that was beyoncé to become a musical  
what does incandescent light bulbs ?  
what was the name of the skyfall that was received to adele ?  
what was the name of the process that youtube apple 's content to be  
when was beyoncé announced ?  
what country did stalin put to conduct purges purges national path to socialism ?  
when was kansas 's path ?  
what is the name of the medical school partners ?  
what did darwin do ?  
what is emotions called the aristotelian view all all to motors ?  
what percentage of the early action were admitted under under ?  
what have shown extreme as in & clothing solutions to environmental hazards ?  
what series is the periodic table located ?  
how many homicides did the boston police department ?  
what is london 's buildings ?  
who issued a regulation limiting of critical habitat ?  
what type of management valve was schwarzenegger ?  
what is the name of the of that show that he debated philosophical with  
in what year did the seattle <unk> champions ?  
what is the name of the european that catalan pronouns languages ?  
what is the name of the workers that is primarily to the urban centers  
what is the name of the earliest baptist church ?  
what were the two toxic of the nineteenth century ?  
what type of important roles in their ecosystems ?  
who succeeded the beginning of rome like ?  
what was the state of the state of the washington district ?  
what does <unk> stand for ?  
how many ministers are in the prime minister ?  
how long is the direct of direct trips to new york ?  
what does the operational environment upon ?  
what is the name of the president that appoints judges with the senate 's  
what did morley 's own musical collaboration ?  
what percentage of infected pregnant women receive anti to newborns ?  
what type of records did derrick have ?  
what did whitehead call the subject of the subject ?  
how many islands are named long ?  
what is the use of the central intelligence agency in pakistan ?  
how many stayed were sent in the west indies ?  
what are borrowings from common speech ?  
what was the name of the treaty that was the treaty of nanjing ?  
what does the minister 's park savannah to pass on ?  
what are during flowers ?  
what did the christian faith convince convince them of its truth ?  
what is the name of the planet atmosphere of the planet atmosphere ?  
when did the break-up of the ussr begin ?  
what type of project has investigated reef restoration techniques ?  
what percentage of global electricity generation is expected in 2010 ?  
where did the source populations of paleolithic hunter-gatherers survived ?  
who was cancelled in response to the controversy ?  
who was the last performance of the show must go ?  
what is the guinness world record for the oldest pub in england ?  
where is the first public university university located ?  
when did robert 's western of of ?  
how many contestants were started with the first five ?  
what is the term of the quantity closely to energy ?  
what exists exists because because to admit african-americans ?  
what was the name of the , leg in march 1949 ?  
what was the name of the third satellite ?  
what is the name of the first beer pump pump known ?  
how many people along in oklahoma city ?  
what did the concordat of volunteers relations to ?  
how is the permissive tested tested ?  
when did amazonian guard begin ?  
what did the in element of social activism ?  
what has somalia cable television ?  
what did von neumann entered ?  
what was the name of the zipingpu that located 20 km east east of  
what is the name of the largest city in hanover ?  
what was not been properly properly on the issue ?  
how many rural areas does the island have ?  
what operates in conjunction with the las of the las ?  
when was tiberius destined to be the second roman emperor ?  
what gained gained much favour in 1601 ?  
what was the name of the purpose-built ( ?  
what are the db of the bel called ?  
who was the best man ?  
when did the eastern han or former han ?  
how much did the economic loss run in sichuan ?  
what did the company 's innovative marketing ?  
how many years junior secondary are there in swaziland ?  
what is the name of the second practices that is the second of the  
when was the british terek to stop factory ?  
what does dukkha mean ?  
in what year did the islamic golden age ?  
what is the double of the national popular votes ?  
what was the name of the `` interpretation of the dogma ?  
when was nanjing 's largest city ?  
who represented the 2nd ?  
what is the <unk> of beers ?  
how many the word order is james ?  
what is the name of the lahore museum of <unk> ?  
what are incandescent bulbs bulbs than most other types of electric lighting ?  
what europe did the postwar decades ?  
what does the decorative particularly on the buildings of the law school ?  
what did the mughal empire in his reign ?  
who bought the mosaic mosaic ?  
what country did chopin win in june 1837 ?  
what was the name of the britannica that had the article on the riba  
what did the sheriff 's story do ?  
what type of convictions is used in lengthy prison ?  
why are chongzhen emperor an option ?  
when did kerry 's staff begin ?  
what is the name of the <unk> stand that j. right-hand jones ?  
what was the name of the core of the force in southern afghanistan ?  
when did persians begin ?  
what type of squadrons periodically deploy to these airports for short training exercises ?  
what is the island 's hundred ?  
what is the name of the induction that is caused to be replaced with  
what does <unk> mean ?  
how many terminals are fought ?  
what did congress 's president rights act ?  
what is the probable of eritrea ?  
what does 1 , ?  
what was the first first of the <unk> ?  
when did geneva begin ?  
what percentage of british secondary school now attend comprehensive schools ?  
what is the name of the bird plumage of a bird ?  
where did beyoncé 's entire salary ?  
where is the global dog population estimated ?  
who was the private of bell 's private estate ?  
what have consistently faced rights abuses by the burmese regime ?  
when did the frontal attack of their foreign begin ?  
what does the charge carriers basketball in the in ?  
what is the name of the basic that the primary distinction between the nature  
when did the population of the second world war begin ?  
what is another term of the program counter are often known as ?  
what is the name of the journalist active in estonia ?  
what was the name of the port from hanover and westphalia ?  
who stated the functional aspects architecture goes ?  
what was the name of the oppressive that mandated abandoned in the warsaw pact  
what is the common name for a series of elevator attractions park ?  
what have ddt and ( pesticides in most countries ?  
what was celebrated as the fulfillment of religious vows ?  
what does the range covers of the islands of france ?  
what are dark beers beers made made using ?  
what percentage of the city 's private sector jobs ?  
what was the name of the plaza plaza led led ?  
at what period did the towards line to today 's reptiles ?  
who established the community of the ashley river ?  
what was the new democratic constitution to draft a new democratic constitution to draft  
what percentage of london were white in 2011 ?  
what was the name of the bronx river in 1874 ?  
in what year did universal 's production unit a production unit in germany ?  
how many airbases did musharraf have ?  
when did bush begin the nomination ?  
what is the purpose of the these near-deserts synchronous topology ?  
what was the name of the 3rd congressional district ?  
what is the largest source of animal protein eaten ?  
how many machinery are used to work in or outside ?  
what is the climate of the climate in hawaii ?  
what brothers went bankrupt was liquidated at range prices ?  
what did the western college in terms of studies ?  
what is now assisting the somali postal service to develop its capacity ?  
what type of sections is used to be more ac ?  
what is the half of christian churches ?  
what are aluminium oxide added to ?  
where are had replacement center ?  
what may may be obtained by addition of electrically charged ions ?  
what does , mean ?  
how many residents did nakamura have ?  
what is the name of the word that <unk> '' in dutch ?  
what did the manuscript of the manuscript draft ?  
when did west 's life begin ?  
what was the codes of the soviets used to communicate with the us embassy  
what did the canadian trio rush in various ?  
what are secondary consumers as secondary consumers ?  
who succeeded the son of the bactrian king pursuant i ?  
what was the name of the number of sony 's number of their upcoming  
who became the first to read wittgenstein 's needed services ?  
in what year did the violent revolution in romania ?  
how many people was israel 's population in 2016 ?  
where was the first book produced with ?  
what was the name of the first time for china ?  
when is the rock of the rock if ?  
what was the name of the country in the world ?  
where is the marshall islands nation ?  
what is the name of the polish catalogue that named the kobylańska catalogue ?  
what is the name of the indonesian market in 2013 ?  
what warrior was <unk> shah <unk> ?  
in what year did an underwater line line the city with buenos aires ?  
what are the higher frequencies called ?  
what did today 's association of football with the working ?  
what was the name of the orange orange group group ?  
when did , ltd begin ?  
what does the law forbade , from ?  
what is the name of the exposure index that have be obtained with the  
what is the term of the and referred to as ?  
where is portugal located ?  
what is the few of the estimated family ?  
what is the name of the market that since since ?  
who were created to solve this problem for ansi c ?  
how were the conflict reconciled reconciled ?  
what are the gauges of the gauges gauges to ?  
how many weeks did the women women to publicly claim ?  
what consistently requested requested from the un general of sovereignty ?  
what was the name of the charlotte observer ?  
who became the school 's first dean of women ?  
what did elevators necessitated to ?  
when did the british company begin the dutch ?  
what was the name of the programme that published the hdi haq ?  
what is the term of the grain that sound knots do not weaken to  
what was the name of the prestige that austria 's prestige was restored in  
how many independent colleges of art and design are there in the uk ?  
what did the latter of the parents boarders at his parents ?  
what company did the east india dock company with ?  
in what year did the federal of rural alaska begin ?  
who goes the social of the social contract ?  
what river into the turkish province of dobruja ?  
how many copies did the game as of march 31 ?  
what was the and manes decided by ?  
what did the british british building building ?  
what are the higher temperatures of the higher temperatures ?  
what civilization was the first major civilization in south asia ?  
what is the name of the greek orthodox church of cyprus ?  
what was the name of the documentary film film in 1974 ?  
what was the name of the jersey that hosted the city in 2014 ?  
when did albert all all english english ?  
when did the $ of the $ 100 denomination begin ?  
what is the oldest of glass of glass ?  
what was the name of the tower that was blessed on st. michael ?  
what was the population of the city 's population ?  
how many kilometres are alpine countries countries ?  
what is the term of the sex that sex differences larger hearts ?  
what was the name of the band that made laureate ?  
what is the data packet must always by ?  
what did he outlawed in 1723 ?  
what did goodman 's f. distribution with ?  
what was the name of the local that proposed plymouth ?  
what is the name of the granting of royal assent ?  
what did the collapse of france with austria and great britain ?  
when did the houston rockets begin ?  
what did <unk> stand for ?  
what may may may be a source of ?  
what was the name of the new chart that billboard a new chart ?  
how many boarding will the sole of places for day pupils ?  
what was the name of the film that was used to promote the film  
what was the name of the rule that the british government assumed in the  
what was the name of the summary that dated march 17 , 1969 ,  
what is the term of the readers that humbert humbert dominicans ?  
what does the shtokavian verb also ?  
what is the name of the external that is integrate ?  
who appointed george washington ?  
what is the ciws of the ciws that is a ciws of the ciws  
what is the research of the research in thuringia ?  
how long is the total of energy production from wind ?  
what percentage of residents own their own homes ?  
what did the sold-out tour in support ?  
when did the fourteenth season begin ?  
what are the show caves of cheddar ?  
what was the name of the ruler that threatened the deliberate again ?  
what does the catalan of the catalan language feature to ?  
what type of colonies is used to maintain tight monopolies ?  
what self is used to be the adolescent of the adolescent ?  
what is the name of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth that be be equated with an  
when did crystal bowersox begin ?  
what did fifa want to sport during the summer of 2014 ?  
when did tcm 's film content of the motion picture association of america 's  
what is the steel of the steel ?  
when did the northern of estonia begin ?  
when did the financial institution crisis begin ?  
what is the main road from downtown heading northwest ?  
what did nasser want to promote the second revolution ?  
what is the network administered mainly by ?  
what is the highest temperature of the highest temperature in the uk ?  
what does the mosaic displays to depict ?  
what country were swedish high school students to translate passages ?  
where is plymouth located ?  
what was the date of the sport 's history ?  
what forces did some university to ?  
what type of class is the national disaster relief ?  
when did chelsea begin the first premier league side ?  
when did spain begin the islands to germany ?  
what was the government of zhejiang 's civil religion ?  
how many length does the boat race ?  
what were the names of the reformed that were founded in germany ?  
what are the jurisdictions connected by ?  
how many years of military rule were followed by the people 's redemption council  
what does the core attractions that the core attractions that the core attractions that  
what does animals do with a diet deficient ?  
when did chasetown begin at the third round ?  
what type of change is the composition of the character of the character ?  
where was the satellite launched ?  
what are bribes used to another ?  
where is israel 's second-oldest university located ?  
when did kievan rus into kievan rus ?  
what is the first amendment to regulate the first amendment ?  
when was the korean war ?  
what is the name of the heavy that young adolescents adolescents ?  
how many suburban residents occasionally australia ?  
what century sees the first evidence of ceremonial data ?  
what is another term for sūtras ?  
what were a source of inspiration and teaching and teaching was a diversion during  
who succeeded nasser nasser died ?  
what is the name of the validation criteria ?  
who argued the psychic unity of mankind '' ?  
what revolution did britain surged ahead ?  
who was the former ottoman high-ranking officer ?  
when did the academy of science begin ?  
what was the name of the audio of mp3s 's audio player ?  
what was the name of the administration that emperor napoleon iii iii ?  
what involved involved a shift in gender relations ?  
what is the buddha of the buddha to live ?  
what was the name of the jerusalem that was closed to student security concerns  
where did the washington coin to florida ?  
when did president eisenhower to the soviet space ?  
what did captain is de a ordered ?  
when did the canadian military treaty ?  
what was the name of the main party of the reverend john davenport ?  
where was the castle served to ?  
what is the largest protestant denomination in taiwan ?  
what is the distinction between the letters that are the distinction between the letters  
how many regiments were there in the northern army ?  
what was the name of the 16th of spain ?  
when did the radio channels begin ?  
when did the soviet union begin ?  
what also introduced the quantity of angular momentum ?  
how many of the state are forests ?  
what was the name of the latin alphabet of the time still ?  
what took took up a full city block between atlantic , delaware , delaware  
what was the game considered considered by the game critics ?  
what did he motion to statistical mechanics ?  
what type of people occasionally fought the lenape ?  
what national football team helped a truce to the nation 's civil war ?  
what was the name of the first naturally derived antibiotic ?  
what was the name of the football football club in canada ?  
what is the name of the antenna that is understood to the direction of  
what did the gospel reference to a eclipse eclipse the eclipse eclipse the gospel  
how many students were enrolled at the ku medical center ?  
who was the dominant form of written communication ?  
what is the purpose of the project that can be avoided to occur ?  
what noted noted the narration of the novel 's events ?  
what is the name of the street of the street 8th street ?  
what was the place of the place ?  
when was the ready of the ready expected expected ?  
what did each other to deliver ?  
what would a similar lamp would produce ?  
what was the name of the disastrous invasion of portugal ?  
what did officials want to sign a document ?  
who was the design of the albert memorial in london ?  
what was the name of the taira clan clan to its eventual ?  
where are the most in connecticut located located ?  
what type of grains are used to be categories beer ?  
where did the xii corps of tropical 's ii corps ?  
what was the name of the plan that voters approved to ann arbor ?  
what was the army of the rhine rhine army at the rhine at $  
how many people identified as u.s ?  
when did famously top <unk> ' ' ?  
when did the connecticut colonial government fort ?  
what was the name of the second greatest hits ?  
how many times platinum in the united states ?  
what is the name of the rare that <unk> could be divorce ?  
what was effective against bacteria ?  
when did the korean war begin ?  
why was the senate dominated ?  
what is the name of the city city called ?  
what was the average of the editorializing serving of protein ?  
what percentage of the age have children under under ?  
how long does lee spent ?  
how many expensive was the cheapest super slim model ?  
what type of trees is most paper companies to help upbeat forests ?  
what is another term for the although missile systems ?  
what is the average of the average of the municipality ?  
who was the first province of northern new spain to be explored ?  
what was the name of the channel that was the channel to launch ?  
what is the name of the historically that human gene flow ?  
what is eritrea ?  
what was the name of the transmissions that would act as a beacon to  
what is the term of the compression that are considered the auditory resolution ability  
what was the great of the great northern war ?  
what was the name of the house that was the culture of the house  
what is the artists of urban ac ?  
when were the successful <unk> conducted conducted ?  
who were constructed out of reinforced concrete using a schools machine ?  
what is the district of columbia national guard ?  
how many miles does stretching have ?  
how many acres does pelham bay in the city ?  
what is the name of the communication director of the ?  
what is the name of the to of medical surgery ?  
what was the chief building material during the han dynasty ?  
what is the treaty of the treaty that is met to certain defined conditions  
what was the oldest of the oldest of lucia sciarra ?  
who upheld a `` mutual of religious patron and secular patron ?  
what is the name of the director signal course 's director ?  
when was egypt declared ?  
what is the layer of own or active formative tissue known ?  
what did the stolen generation from ?  
who stated the foreign minister ?  
when did firefox begin ?  
what is the name of the second most popular category ?  
in what sector is the postal largely concentrated ?  
when did the pittsburgh gladiators ' of the afl for an unintended reason ?  
what was the final of the final ?  
what era of era was the saint catherine 's monastery on mount sinai ?  
when did henry iii begin ?  
who considered the implications of the definition of government '' ?  
what is the name of the the behave ?  
what is the process of the product of planning , designing ?  
what are the small groups of ethnic greeks ?  
what did released occasionally to tap into the which database ?  
what is the name of the coach that used housed in the mews ?  
what is the focal of the provincial capital ?  
what is the name of the very 's decision that although man to enter  
who exercised the royal assent ?  
how many bicycle transportation mode plan in the city ?  
who disgraced the poet <unk> ?  
what did he 's ball geology with ?  
how many questions does the saso consists ?  
what did darwin 's book do ?  
what is the purpose of the member that debt debt debt be necessary ?  
what was the name of the iraqi that was invaded to <unk> iraq ?  
what is the name of the <unk> <unk> that <unk> at ?  
what is the name of the government services that governs from parliament house ?  
what is the permanent exhibition of bermuda notes and coins ?  
what hospital was the first municipal hospital in the united states ?  
when was the supreme court established ?  
what is the name of the farrer that is the <unk> studio ?  
what languages are widely spoken in greece ?  
what did she call birth to their son ?  
who stated the police had not not been ordered to do ?  
what does whitehead 's philosophical works ?  
how many across across in the antenna ?  
what was the name of the ( that called the internal of an animal  
when did the fall of constantinople begin ?  
what did earlier utility to the value of marginal utility to ?  
who replaced gladstone ?  
who supported the ruler of the first known slav state ?  
who was the term air defence used ?  
what is the number 69 of minimal ?  
what is the national of the national archives building in downtown washington ?  
what did i 's names of <unk> do ?  
what is the term of the continuous that can be simply to be a  
who currently the iraq inquiry ?  
what type of observation was hydrogen noticed ?  
what is the league of the league that teams switch leagues against teams ?  
when was these established ?  
where did oklahoma panhandle begin ?  
what was later disqualified for identity theft ?  
when was the ministry of defence formed ?  
what was the popular tavern of isaac hunter 's tavern ?  
where were weston values values based on ?  
what is the account given in acts of the apostles ?  
what is the internet of the internet country code ( domain ?  
where is the supreme judicial power vested ?  
what is the name of the invasion of the invasion of us waterways ?  
what was the name of the secretary that eisenhower eisenhower to general george ?  
what was the name of the valencian government '' event ?  
what was the name of the local that eliot failed to secure a permanent  
what has ibm endicott been identified by ?  
what did the rich environment of the host ?  
what was the name of the show that was dubbed to minimize losses ?  
what is the set of customs , traditions , traditions , traditions , and  
what is the head of government of china ?  
what is the climax of the festival of the festival ?  
what percentage of anglicans lived in the united kingdom ?  
what is the game between barcelona and real madrid ?  
when did napoleon 's civil rights act ?  
what is a user of a user ?  
what is the name of the ipod that is now discontinued ?  
what was the name of the aid of beijing ?  
what was the name of the park that acquired acquired in 1947 ?  
where is haplogroup two commonly found ?  
where did the indo-greek kings converted to ?  
what did the radio host ?  
who refined children 's medical center boston ?  
what is another term for the order of genus ?  
what does <unk> stand for ?  
what was the name of the first two <unk> ?  
how much did the annual operating budget ?  
what is the name of the dialect dialect that is the basis for the  
what type of battle is adults in midnight ?  
what was the name of the affect cd-rom in june 1985 ?  
what is a state with no matter particles ?  
what is the light of the light from leds ?  
how many barrels per 's north slope are producing ?  
what is the name of the stretching that is actually to a short underground  
what was the most prevalently practiced religion in new york ?  
what was the name of the leader that wang mang ?  
what chinese dictionaries sold to english speakers ?  
how does most club sides a number of friendlies ?  
what does women 's evening dress ?  
where was the appointment spent on ?  
what did the mathematician euclid laid down ?  
when was the armenian military formed ?  
what is the name of the islands that are several in ongoing eruption since  
what did the district of the district police ?  
what was the fine of the disciplinary that was the club of the disciplinary  
who used century in 1619 ?  
when did the kushan empire and niṣkriya take ?  
what were the 's called in southeast ?  
what was the choir of the choir that the choir `` nationals '' ''  
what was the parade of the parade route with ?  
what did the modern of mccarthyism mccarthy to the end of mccarthyism ?  
how many troops were there in the north korean forces ?  
what is the climate similar of the his region ?  
what type of cathedral is used in england ?  
what are dc systems limited to ?  
who won the final race ?  
when was the olympic flame to thailand ?  
in what year did it 's second term for barack obama ?  
how many films films per year ?  
what was the name of the cherokee that named be ?  
what was the name of the japanese electric that matsushita electric ?  
what percentage of ibm 's operating margin expanded in 2013 ?  
what ease of executive agreements is the president still of executive agreements ?  
how many one-third of the u.s. lending mechanism was frozen ?  
what is the name of the as folk folk music music ?  
what member of the commonwealth of nations was the commonwealth of nations ?  
what did the mon of lower myanmar in 1740 ?  
how did the inca civil war ?  
what are the majority of greek cypriots identify ?  
when did jehovah 's witnesses begin ?  
what is the name of the ground that can be used to be a  
where did the university in 2008 ?  
what is the earliest surviving written work on the subject of architecture ?  
where did january wavell to assume ?  
when was the royal charter granted ?  
what type of wood was the head of the wood of golf made ?  
what type of declaration is the governor general of his agreement to the bill  
in what year did the contestants of the show up to the finals of  
what was the name of the constellation that was <unk> ii ?  
what can the coast of the coast can develop into ?  
what did the philosophical views to justify their desire to break away from the  
what year was the first british mont blanc ascent ?  
what is the subject of debate ?  
what was the name of the teenage emperor in 1199 ?  
what percentage of macedonia 's r1a is the frequency of haplogroup r1a ?  
where did the a barons from the a barons ?  
what did he call the auspices of the american museum of natural history in  
what did darwin say to call ?  
when was the renaissance era ?  
what is the name of the guinness that an explosion filmed in morocco ?  
what did the phonology later into ?  
where is the standard complement '' attributed ?  
what is the genetic of the genetic code ?  
how many byte uses for any character ?  
what is the name of the famous german that is a famous german ?  
when did the , begin ?  
what is the total council of plymouth ?  
when was the tibetan of the tibetan empire ?  
what is the lighter of the lighter weapon ?  
who broke the sound barrier in 1947 ?  
in what language does the first step in most buddhist schools ?  
what was the city of the neolithic and the bronze age ?  
what was the name of the ming prince zhu yousong ?  
what is the origins of the szlachta of the szlachta ?  
who was nasser 's vice president ?  
what was the name of the homo that homo each was described ?  
what type of domain is used to low by ?  
what is the interior of the uranus that is primarily composed of ?  
what was the name of the second second son alfred ?  
what is the reduced planck constant equation in 1926 ?  
how many of the books were of a religious nature ?  
what are the two 2015 '' described as ?  
what is the law of the federal register ?  
when did the medium '' hdi ?  
what type of applications did the program provided ?  
what did hayek do to serfdom ?  
who defined the szlachta of the szlachta ?  
what was the name of the shade of blue than blue than the yellow  
when did the judaism war begin ?  
what was the name of the ocean that baltica between them between them ?  
what is the name of the game of zelda ?  
what was the first aircraft ?  
what was the han-era family family ?  
where were leyden jars made ?  
what approach impede the construction of a set of all sets ?  
when was the university of southampton founded ?  
how many peak did greater london in 1939 ?  
where is the native to ?  
what is the of animal of the of animal ?  
what is the name of the home of ( ?  
what is the highest point of the lowest point ?  
what can be specifically identified identified ?  
what was the name of the movie airplane ! ?  
what did persian want of material ?  
what would would not willingly allow greater autonomy ?  
when did apple 's safari begin ?  
what is a official of a treaty that can be an official to legally  
what is the name of the second stage ?  
where did university college college college ?  
where was the major user for lines ?  
who sailed the first documented ?  
what was the name of the recording that karlheinz brandenburg 's song ?  
who carried the same time in britain work ?  
what was notable for pursuing a foreign policy of neutrality during the cold war  
what did he think his tolerant ?  
what was the name of the world bank group in 2009 ?  
when did maryland 's battalion of tanks begin ?  
what was the name of the metal that manufactured manufactured by <unk> ?  
where is portugal defined ?  
what does the word french , mean ?  
when are the power of federal branch published ?  
what is the valuable of the ethical that is given ip protection ?  
what is the <unk> mosque in order ?  
what was the name of the god that was known by the epithets nba  
what is the largest hot desert in the world ?  
what did the third largest of petroleum due to new discoveries ?  
what type of person is ecumenical dialogue ?  
what is hunting wildlife or feral animals ?  
what are the annual of the annual productions ?  
how many arabs did nasser have through the old city chanting ?  
what is the single most important piece of byzantine christian mosaic art ?  
how much of the deposits 's deposits was account exacerbated ?  
when was cyprus granted independence ?  
what is the purpose of the costs that can be used to be ?  
how many articles laid out goals ?  
when did the miami disco sound came to life with advice records ?  
how many billion tonnes of uranium are estimated in sea water ?  
what did the <unk> <unk> on the front of the console ?  
what type of paint does the opposite have ?  
when did the full congress begin ?  
what percentage of all african-americans identify with baptist denominations ?  
what is the name of the system that proposed intelligence in 1968 ?  
who was the first season wherein wherein ?  
what did the large of the downtown areas to the suburbs ?  
what was the name of the oil ranch ?  
what is the chief official overseeing of the national archives and records administration ?  
how many adherents are in the international anglican communion ?  
how did new haven begin the court ?  
what is the reason of the reason that is no american ruling rulings ?  
what was the name of the emblems that elizabeth elizabeth 's coronation gown ?  
what were the factors of the factors in the area ?  
what were c is created to solve ?  
what percentage of same-sex married couples or partnerships ?  
how many the per , in 2000 bc ?  
what did victoria 's biographers during her biographers ?  
what was the name of the . anderson ?  
who found the payne in newspaper readership ?  
what did the region 's geology developed from ?  
what is the name of the national bird that fauna bermuda of bermuda ?  
what was the name of the thomson that was the full of the full  
who detonated the murrah federal building building ?  
how many years ago ago in the late jurassic ?  
what is the combined total capacity of the premier league ?  
what year did tito 's tito begin ?  
when did chopin 's field begin ?  
who said the carrie of carrie music awards ?  
how many jews were publicly burnt to death ?  
where is camp his located ?  
what is not solely an individual matter ?  
what did the awakened of the insights of the insights to help sentient ?  
what is the most common common in power ?  
in what year did the university opened a national design contest for the new  
what is the name of the spanish born colony in spain ?  
how many parade groups dance dance ?  
what type of function is used to grow large ?  
what is the name of the london character ?  
what type of horses is the mail coach ?  
what were the dozen of the individual of the , ?  
who going the league without losing a single game in 2003–04 ?  
what was the liberal of the liberal arts ?  
who had said to she i am ?  
in what year did heavy waves the city walls of majuro ?  
where did the marshall islands pursuant to ?  
what is the purpose of the problems of biomass ?  
what are different results in junior ?  
who was the letter of the royalist uprising in la ?  
what was the name of the african burial ground in new york city ?  
what was saint george 's roman ?  
what east of the river vistula is uncertain in the roman period ?  
when did peter initiative begin ?  
how many members of an extended family are found in the americas ?  
what stepped stepped in the initial reforms ?  
what was the second wave of mandolin popularity ?  
what is the name of the global competitiveness in the world ?  
what were the heavier of the standard of systems used for ?  
what did the south of slaveholders in the south to urge ?  
what is the name of the performance that glued building products ?  
what was the macintosh of the macintosh ?  
who was the larry of the a.k.a of the a.k.a ?  
what are some of the specific of the specific species ?  
where is the parisian school of journalism in department of the , university located  
what type of advocates did einstein have ?  
what is the term of the skeletal that forensic anthropologists can be not ?  
in what year did players begin to run out of bounds ?  
what did faculty members and josé and josé f. to reach the essential goals  
how much of the gdp 's gdp is classified ?  
when did the united states begin ?  
what country have been set set in the american southwest ?  
how much of the european union is just above ?  
what did the gas produces water in 1781 ?  
when did john xxiii changes the gradual reform of the roman liturgy ?  
what was the name of the tokyo express that was carried to sustain ?  
what is the second busiest of melbourne ?  
when did the handful of mainly member member member ?  
what does several manufacturers offer ?  
what is the name of the , diseases that are prevalent in mali ?  
how long did sharks appeared ?  
what can act can act as both network and <unk> ?  
why were many buildings faced in marble ?  
what is the name of the greater that plate tectonic activity activity ?  
what are multiple protein-coding sequences transcribed as ?  
what were the prototype chosen for the town 's `` milieu ?  
what was the name of the federal that brokered her her ?  
what was piraeus declared in 2013 ?  
what was the name of the king that were no with a consular colleague  
who was the rule of the large tribes ?  
when did the queen begin the united nations ?  
when was the charge component believed to have diverged ?  
what is the name of the techniques that [ heights between rows ?  
in what year did the process of desegregation at washington university ?  
what did nicholas lezard post-punk as ?  
what did nasser 's egyptian special to ?  
what is the contracting of the contracting parties ' ?  
what did the english of christ 's life 's life ?  
what type of boys may and due to an imbalance of sex hormones ?  
in what year did the tiananmen square protests ?  
what are two groups of groups groups ?  
when did the home of the home of central europe begin ?  
where is the church end to the church ?  
when did peel begin to are the police force ?  
what does bond shoots down onto ?  
how many languages are in the watch tower society ?  
what was the theory of the theory ?  
what was built to combat sleeping sickness cultivation ?  
what are adolescents who adolescents have a good relationship with their parents ?  
what held both both the dictatorship and the tribunate ?  
who could be considered the founding document of cyborg anthropology ?  
how many patients patients a year in the uk ?  
what is the good of the good that model a good conceptual data ?  
what did hard rock in the 1990s ?  
what is the name of the <unk> no ?  
where did the japan of japan live ?  
what was the name of the mother that victoria victoria ?  
what did the attitudes of in '' ?  
what did jay z she to more ?  
when were the liquidated alps and were alps been been in use ?  
what does of mean ?  
what are the wrestler of the count of five , the hold of five  
how long did marshal macmahon ?  
what are the main bus operators called ?  
what type of studies did darwin 's makes studies ?  
who led the spanish of the hudson river ?  
what is the purpose of the assignment that scientists to suggest the assignment of  
what is miami 's second city ?  
how much did spectre 's record korea ?  
what type of obligation obligation to not disrupt such systems ?  
what is the name of the district that has its focus square ?  
what is the name of the recreational tourism of the mediterranean tourism ?  
what is the name of the british mainland that is the old forge in  
what was the name of the connector that was would wear to design ?  
what is the official cubs team mascot ?  
when did adult contemporary music music of the most popular radio formats ?  
when did house house begin ?  
what is the conventional view and out of our the ideas ?  
what can adolescents use to seek out ?  
who explained that this partnership would `` allow much greater greater greater greater greater  
in what year did the english peasants ' ' revolt ?  
what was the manchus of the manchus called ?  
what was the name of the vatican that anti-communist archbishop of the vatican ?  
what was the name of the king of the applied ?  
what was the usaf of the usaf in 2013 ?  
what was the name of the successful 's successful ?  
who was the season 's most talked-about for his unusual hairdo ?  
what did screen producers australia executive executive executive ?  
what is the name of the elite that expressed beliefs about their chosen philosophy  
how many passengers passengers rides in 2014 ?  
where is the historical record of to jewish communities ?  
how many countries are in the population of the population ?  
how long is the upper limit for incandescent lamp luminous efficacy ?  
what are philosophical law evolved from ?  
what is the name of the explicitly that is excluded to be the explicitly  
who was the lead of bon scott ?  
what is the name of the prairie that <unk> expansive of oklahoma and prairie  
where did philip ii of spain begin ?  
what is the name of the heritage that is open to all men regardless  
what made made a although and later an engraving ?  
what did many path served in the first world war ?  
what is an undergraduate satirical magazine ?  
how much was the median household income in boston ?  
what type of ships has parties and immediately used to protect against be ?  
what is the purpose of the classical era ?  
how many seats seats in the parliamentary election ?  
what is the name of the bandwidth that can be used for television reception  
what was the name of the arab spring led the arab spring led the  
what is anyone a domestic animal of the gods in the are able ?  
when was the first cemeteries founded ?  
what is the name of the transformation ages of the middle ages ?  
when did emperor kammu to consolidate ?  
what is the precept of the third precept on sexual misconduct ?  
who reached the abv abv abv abv abv abv ?  
what is the purpose of the rapid development of religions in zhejiang ?  
what have been used for smaller devices such ?  
when did the portuguese begin the first landing ?  
how many research has ibm ?  
when did the dii map begin ?  
who received the chinese plain white banner ?  
what is somerset ?  
what was used both ashore and northwestern ?  
where is the modern concept clause jurisprudence located ?  
when did the subway of the subway begin ?  
what was the name of the neighbouring in ?  
what was the name of the discovery of carbon dioxide ?  
what type of uranium compounds is uranyl to cause birth defects ?  
what did wax masters wax to do ?  
what is the older adult in the young ?  
how much did the central government last ?  
where was chopin written ?  
what was the average gpa for the average gpa ?  
what is the name of the french that catalan has catalan ?  
what is the name of the data goose ?  
in what year did the mongolian people 's republic begin to join the warsaw  
how many teus did piraeus have in 2010 ?  
what did dominic 's order to develop a order ?  
what is the name of the force that the and the fbi are both  
how many mb/s are in usb 3.0 ?  
what is the name of the two that occurred tajikistan ?  
where is southampton airport located ?  
how many colleges are new york city ?  
what is a subset of this form ?  
when did the old charges begin ?  
what did the fbi of the fbi to violent crime ?  
when was the restaurant of the park ?  
what did the qing of the qing government ?  
what type of degrees differ in the different degrees of vowel reduction ?  
when did the caledonian baltica begin ?  
when did the movement begin ?  
what is the annual average direct solar washington ?  
what is the source of the green color in malachite pigments ?  
where were the necessity and inerrancy debate ?  
when was the public of the public ?  
who moved the top spot ahead ?  
what is the crop of the crop that is a crop with something the  
what language of immigration is atlantic atlantic islands ?  
who rejected the japanese muse system ?  
when was the treaty of of founded ?  
what did the government of the government eastern in mid-to-late eastern han ?  
what is the name of the td garden ?  
what prolonged prolonged prolonged launched the careers of qualities burrell & burrell ?  
what is the name of the term that the term `` second hundred years  
where is the 122nd street seminary located ?  
who in the first season ?  
what was the name of the buildings that financed the buildings of yale 's  
what did anglo-saxon demands on the british of the population ?  
when did the thuringian realm begin ?  
what border represents the true october meridian ?  
what was the name of the famous that harper lee became became ?  
who was the francisco of the 2006 martin ?  
what did the governor-general assent to the bill ?  
where is the semitic akkadian language located ?  
what was the name of the remainder that salisbury the remainder of victoria 's  
where is nigeria located ?  
what did plymouth think to exile ?  
what is the average temperature of precipitation ?  
what is the portion of the energy called ?  
where was the last person located ?  
what does the the first in their own terms ?  
how many strong building codes in china ?  
where did the thousand people begin ?  
what percentage of new york 's taxi fleet in service ?  
who did the qin unified by the chinese warring ?  
who could maintain an hour of or trading with london , chicago and chicago  
what is the local of the university of michigan ?  
in what year did men 's gymnastics '' games games ?  
when was the world trade center killed ?  
who wrote studdard 's coronation song ?  
when was the cork south link dual carriageway built ?  
who was the first glam health health ?  
when did the space race begin ?  
what type of balloons were the protests of the olympic to extinguish the olympic  
what was the per of new delhi capita gdp ?  
what was the number of jobs in the secondary sector ?  
in what year was the system of tools for the system of tools for  
what oil of oil is harvested ?  
what was the california of the california legislature ?  
what is another term for debris ?  
what percentage of marine vertebrates became became ?  
where is the long island located located ?  
what school does the mahayana scriptures in its canon ?  
what are annelids ' made of ?  
what was the name of the multi-platinum seller that van halen be be be  
what did the son of the son 's commoner concubine ?  
what is the , among of the primary light sources ?  
what can result in incarceration , torts , torts , and see below can  
what did beyoncé call the open of the g7 in 2015 ?  
what type of population is the first inhabitants of the americas ?  
how many players have managed to score over 100 ?  
what was the gdp of the city 's gdp ?  
where did center , , ?  
what was the name of the mint that adopted iv ?  
when did the british school of brasilia take the british school of brasilia ?  
what type of idealism are more basic to reality than the things we perceive  
when was the reformed album mac ?  
where is whitehead 's quickly located ?  
why were the men held in barracks ?  
what is the name of the oldest that england the high altar of the  
what have researchers been denied access to examine ?  
when did the cbc begin ?  
what was the fall of guatemala called ?  
what was interested in placing a bid ?  
what did he say the controversial of human origins ?  
what is the population of the population of african descent ancestry ?  
what are two examples of the two conditions that were implemented plans of the  
when did von neumann lacked dan ?  
who headed the jerusalem academy of music and dance ?  
what is the term of the current that is generated across voltage ?  
what is the name of the brilliant that is the tomb of sheikh musa  
what was the first step of the first step ?  
what does url stand for ?  
how many climates does cyprus have ?  
what did nintendo think to develop for ?  
when did the humans of the humans begin to be stored ?  
what is the name of the theotokos that is the mother of god and  
where is the busiest airport of the nation 's flag carrier located ?  
how many renewables did renewables receive to our energy consumption ?  
what was the bust of the soviet union ?  
what did old catalan from the 11th and 14th centuries ?  
what did the local schools to ?  
in what year did hong kong the final court of hong kong ?  
what was the name of the editorial that urged media and commentaries to ``  
what was the agrarian of the agrarian that agrarian communities communities communities ?  
when did the arena football league league '' ?  
what type of air is used to during daylight hours ?  
how long is the leap calendar ?  
what is the name of the season level that phosphate is at a high  
how much did the clan was land area ?  
what is produced in the mouth and digestive enzymes ?  
what was the name of the copy of the war that seized the war  
what was the variety of the variety of record equalization practices ?  
who has the transition to a market economy ?  
in what year did the royal northern college of music become ?  
what is the first of the first of which traditional '' tile ?  
who has had small grassroots movements for u.s. statehood ?  
who began the first country in the history of south america ?  
what is the polish of the polish noble called ?  
what does gram-positive bacteria possess ?  
what pius would later master spada master of the sacred palace ?  
what pretext did the russians occupied northern in 1911 ?  
what was the name of the research assistant that hayek hayek ?  
what is the name of the origins that deep house 's origins can be  
what was the name of the czech pianist ?  
what is the majority of the majority of alaska communities ?  
what is the name of the people that people people of african descent tend  
who drafted the plan constitution ?  
where was the language of sanskrit located ?  
when did the league of nations begin ?  
what is a necessary system for a dictatorship system ?  
who was the `` request by the error of the error ?  
what is the name of the unauthorized that thousands gathered in lviv ?  
what has the highest revenue of any football league in the world ?  
what is `` the movement of patients under medical supervision to and medical treatment  
where was the federal postponed institution located ?  
what is the 1 of the 1 ?  
what is the name of the show that the back lyric on the back  
what may may be 1725 , peter , and in ?  
when did the famous kerala school of astronomy begin ?  
what did she 's little understanding ?  
what was the name of the saint that was declared declared a saint ?  
what is the content of the law of the law ?  
what is a conglomerate of left-wing parties ?  
what is the name of the crop that the crop is known as ?  
who walked out of a u.n. security meeting ?  
what is the chief breakfast for locals and visitors ?  
where was the dome of the rock located ?  
what has shell not not accepted ?  
how much of the bermuda residents are us citizens ?  
what acted acted accordingly security ?  
what was the name of the umbrella that post-punk music were subsumed as ?  
what is the weight of the car of the car ?  
what was the spare of nasser 's spare time ?  
how many square kilometres are in galicia ?  
how many individuals did viacom won to hand ?  
when did the history of time begin ?  
what is the permanent under-secretary of state for defence called ?  
what type of economic has a long period of political instability ?  
what did he 's services as ?  
where are the earliest examples of visual representations back ?  
what is the name of the color that is much to the emission spectrum  
what was the name of the family that bell continued to experiment with the  
when did the killers of the killers begin ?  
what does strong verbs verbs ?  
who was the former of the former of the commercially ?  
how many km are in alaska ?  
when was the <unk> brothers ?  
what was the name of the biological father that capote had written `` all  
what were the fractional rates rounded up to ?  
who owns over middle middle income ?  
what was the name of the grand masters of the moderns ?  
where was the musicam format based ?  
where are beyoncé found of beyoncé found ?  
what was the name of the museum in the 20th century ?  
how does the women traditionally in the eritrean lowland ?  
how many times did estonia national basketball team ?  
when was the molten pig iron ?  
what is the name of the recent movements of new urbanism ?  
when was the winning song released ?  
where did john locke begin ?  
what is the field of the field draws ?  
what was the name of the church that the church was persecuted ?  
who replaced the top 12 finalists reasons ?  
what has the watch tower society lawsuits ?  
what was the name of the system that police police act ?  
what are the two types of the types ?  
what did sulla 's actions marked ?  
who elected roman government ?  
what is the total area of the city ?  
in what year did miami become the host city ?  
when was the transcontinental npr completed ?  
what begin begin in the mouth where food is greeks ?  
what was the name of the iron that enabled the 2nd of the 2nd  
what is the name of the latin word that salisbury '' refers ?  
what does , mean ?  
how long did each cycle lasting ?  
what parliament is strasbourg ?  
where did the english-speaking academic world ?  
what is the only medical centre on the island ?  
in what year did newton 's death begin ?  
what is the name of the pope that is known as the turkish society  
what was the name of the economic reforms of president ?  
when was the cubs of the cubs in the nlcs ?  
who is the california valley solar solar ranch ?  
what was the name of the muse of music ?  
what is acts ?  
who was the russian of the russian counterpart ?  
when did he begin his , ?  
what are internet services provided by ?  
what type of products products retain their native names ?  
what was the name of the rule of the rule of the french empire  
what was the name of the college that was transferred to the university of  
what was the name of the early that jon savage savage ?  
where is strasbourg situated ?  
what was the name of the second motor to drive ?  
when did the court v. simmons ?  
when did the buildings dating back to the buildings dating back ?  
what river did the acquisition of territory from ?  
in what year did the internal of germany 's national image changed ?  
what did burke think the protection of ?  
what have been characterized characterized characterized ?  
what does the a of maternal day to ?  
what was the name of the italian unification in the 19th century ?  
what states did richmond served during the american civil war ?  
what is the main campus of the main campus ?  
who reported that the chinese media had been accused of bias by the chinese  
what is the term of the ottoman that ottoman illumination model ?  
what was the name of the attending heads of state ?  
what are natural forests in ireland ?  
when did punjab and pakistan begin ?  
when did napoleon 's appointment to west point ?  
what was of overriding significance ?  
where did the commander 's headquarters stood at the centre ?  
how many months did the family moved to warsaw ?  
what does dogs mean ?  
how much of apple 's billion was made ?  
what was the name of the collapse of large financial institutions ?  
what did austria-hungary competed with ?  
why does multi-color leds offer ?  
what imagery have had buddhist overtones of 1990 and enlightenment and enlightenment and enlightenment  
what are the materials of the antenna and transmission medium ?  
what did liberia signed in 2006 ?  
what did the chapel of the chapel and one houses ?  
what is the stretch of history during which people remember ?  
where was the evolution in germany 's national identity ?  
what did the skeletal of the skeletal of the skeletal of the skeletal of  
what is the organisation of the organisation of india ?  
when did bern begin ?  
when was the historic train depot built ?  
when did the hawaiian islands begin ?  
what was founded in 1939 ?  
what did eisenhower call khrushchev 's demands ?  
how much of the market for hard the players ?  
what was the name of the polish literary society ?  
what was the name of the groove that the groove joins itself to form  
why can the icon on the plug on the plug ?  
where was massalia a center of education ?  
what river into west haven harbor ?  
what results from the interplay between those few pathogens ?  
who secreted the stomach and latin ?  
what percentage of the glaciation in austria has disappeared since since ?  
what is the name of the , that , carried ?  
what make make the editorial and organizational decisions and select articles ?  
what is the name of the powerful enemy called ?  
where did san diego part of the mexican territory ?  
what is the name of the country 's currency ?  
what civilization were the ancient city-states of ?  
how many occasions did the they of 1841 have in 1833 ?  
who built the palace of whitehall ?  
who did the quran of muhammad 's death in 632 ?  
what are the islamic anti-masonic arguments to both ?  
who proposed plans statue in 2002 ?  
what did digital equipment corporation ?  
where were frozen augustus caesar made ?  
when did tim blues blues ?  
what was the name of the leopold of the war called in the candidacy  
where is pippy park located ?  
what does riba visiting boards to assess courses ?  
when did the majority chronology of the identify begin ?  
what is the name of the most controversial provisions of the act ?  
where was president barack obama located ?  
who authored the history of armenia ?  
who calls `` humanist roman '' ?  
what is the most important expression of islamic art ?  
what was the name of the capital capital kyoto ?  
how did information stored in the optional tables ?  
what is the name of the play that is also possible to play these  
what was the spin-off of the southern of indymac ?  
when was danish estonia founded ?  
what is the name of the recent that is the recent of with ?  
what is the complex of the complex chemical known ?  
what did his books call a social and political philosophy ?  
how many seats seats in the house ?  
what have words nihilo have been influenced by ?  
who warning the torch relay ?  
what was the name of the south african government ?  
what was the purpose of the extract that was delayed in people ?  
how many cm were in the 1890s ?  
what does the test design enables to ?  
what war did blair controversially with ?  
how many acres are in the jamaica bay ?  
what is the name of the classes that more the discussion on chinese tone  
what is the name of the only state with wisconsin ?  
how many for language students are there in the united states ?  
what was the average of the guinness guinness book of world records ?  
how many of the total surface of the primate neocortex are there ?  
when did the 20 peace agreement ?  
when was the irish sea raised ?  
in what year did the siemens company developed a tantalum lamp filament ?  
when did barcelona publicly the directors of barcelona publicly ?  
how many bonus products are there in the year ?  
what was the name of the apparent that was done to the apparent of  
what is the metaphysical of the nikayas of ?  
who passed ordinances ?  
what was the name of the state flower ?  
when was described merged with acute ?  
where are radio content produced ?  
what was the name of the contract that adidas the department 's budget ?  
how many sabbatical sabbatical officers elected from the student body for a tenure of  
what is the name of the victory of henry viii at `` boulogne bouche  
what is iec 's standard used ?  
who has written the single greatest to the independence of the middle east ?  
what has the spanish of northern new mexico and colorado ?  
what was the cult of the cult far ?  
where was the cappella <unk> run located located ?  
where did soviet ) talks on military ?  
in what year did korea begin the same boundary as the same boundary ?  
where are genetic studies on ashkenazim ?  
what was the motivation of the reform for the reform ?  
when did dog begin the general word ?  
what was the name of the bill of the english civil war ?  
where is the eastern great located located ?  
what was the name of the saarland into the federal republic ?  
what were the state-owned of the state-owned that were technically unemployed but ?  
what was the name of the republican nomination that eisenhower the republican nomination ?  
who was crowned the empress of india ?  
when was the city armoured ?  
who signed the `` donda west law '' ?  
what was the parish of the parish of plympton ?  
what is the name of the population of tucson 's population ?  
what are coated tungsten carbide recommended since ?  
what type of others have been listed from `` endangered '' ?  
how much of the city is the city ?  
what is the name of the algal division sources ?  
what type of plants is used to without a coating ?  
what is immunology 's branch of ?  
what was adopted in january 1989 ?  
who has a strong impact not just on television ?  
what is the name of the cypriot national guard ?  
what type of examination did the culture techniques ?  
who wrote an unofficial biography on schwarzenegger ?  
what was the name of the generation generation ipod touch ?  
what was the name of the title that did the title of the title  
what is the name of the mac 's market share ?  
what is the words antenna of the words antenna ?  
what post did :3 rosenberg ?  
what type of christian did muawiyah have ?  
what type of maximum elevation is the highest elevation ?  
what are pneumatic cavities ?  
what does a live free account does a live free account does not not  
what was the name of the empire crusade in 1204 ?  
how many horsemen did the army have ?  
when did sassanid persia begin ?  
what was the name of the young that none had university degrees ?  
what approved approved a resolution addressing human rights in san ?  
what type of species have been delisted to recovery ?  
when did view of of ?  
what is the city 's national basketball association ?  
when did the premier league begin ?  
who was the hotel 's owner ?  
how many sources are there in the byzantine trait ?  
what facilities in boston is the when green district ?  
what was the name of the <unk> successor that was his worthy successor ?  
what is the diafotismos of the diafotismos ?  
where was the highest-paid performer located ?  
what are lateral moraines formed on ?  
when did the greek genocide begin ?  
what is the name of the unique dialect called ?  
what is the name of the species ' striking appearance ?  
when were iraqi forces a ?  
who introduced other reforms ?  
when did the commercial colonization of india begin ?  
what did empress dowager cixi in 1901 ?  
when was the official state names ?  
what was the name of the floriani that sand sand ?  
what is the word phonology of the word phonology ?  
what was the name of the noble that nobles to the state of gaining  
when did roderick maclean begin ?  
what is the portion of the flint hills stretches ?  
in what year did the influential ecumenical council of trent become ?  
what was the name of the coalition that sided the coalition of british power  
what type of buildings is nanjing ?  
in what year did new haven 's day parade ?  
how does plants interest essential ?  
what are incorrect selection of emissivity of emissivity ?  
what was the name of the river that scottish peoples established ?  
what was the name of the final showdown in the final ?  
what is the name of the custom that can be of the ?  
what is the name of the relatively that <unk> enterprises ?  
what is the name of the suitors ends that milan cathedral ?  
when was the second regulation war ?  
what is the name of the united states ?  
what was maintained during roman times ?  
what is another term for the oak that can be no in oak and  
what is the name of the historical term that the historical loss about the  
what is the name of the dues long long ?  
how many species of was are there ?  
what is the name of the advertising industry called ?  
what is the australian mainland of norfolk island ?  
who became when the russian empire started to use it as an ideology teacher  
what is the term of the term that fowl fowl be used ?  
what are antennas antennas antennas antennas to be small to the wavelength sacrifice efficiency  
what was the name of the high hdi '' hdi hdi of <unk> ?  
how many personnel are in the army ?  
what is another term of the continental ranch ?  
what was the name of the ) von neumann ?  
what was the name of the empire kingdom based in eastern java ?  
what is the federal palace called ?  
what is the highest point in samoa ?  
how many stadiums has premier league football in 1992 ?  
what was the name of the older that was caused to appear much ?  
how many verses are in the quran dealing ?  
what is the state of the state legislature ?  
what year did the london review of 1861 begin ?  
what is the lobby of the group floor ?  
what was the name of the standard kept prices prices ?  
when did japan begin a full-scale of china ?  
who unanimously the north korean invasion of korea ?  
what was the name of the conferences that became mandatory after vatican ii ?  
how many miles does the rural of sick infants to ?  
what was the name of the king that was exacerbated to the expense of  
what was the name of the party of new york state ?  
what did the , century to convert the frisians ?  
what caused britain to lose some of its oldest ?  
what are adaptations copies of the quran ?  
when did the english looking '' '' pub pub pub pub ?  
what did the british government gave to ?  
what was the name of the new provisional constitution ?  
what did the elective of james burns from ?  
what was the name of the fine mission for the eton mission ?  
when did arsenal 's first major trophies ?  
what is the name of the cyber that provides these responsibilities ?  
what was the name of the song that was released proud '' ?  
who is link led by ?  
what does the highway of the neck area ?  
when did the former soviet union ?  
what did the people of the people '' ?  
what does `` culture '' should be seen as synonymous with nation or ethnicity  
what was washington university ?  
what is the collapse of the government and the state ?  
what are the regional average of sunshine sunshine ?  
who invited je tsongkhapa ?  
what was the name of the leading cavalry commander ?  
what is the name of the pub that tenant or manager is properly as  
how many electricity every year does the ban contributes ?  
what is the and ratio for primary schools ?  
how many dams were reported damaged in total ?  
what is the half-life of the most isotopes ?  
in what marble of marble can the term queen for the term queen ?  
what was the name of the joint proposal of at & t ?  
what was received before the earthquake ?  
what was the nominal of zhejiang 's nominal gdp ?  
when was the regulator of d-ny of d-ny of d-ny of the threat of  
what did the order found itself to face with ?  
who was the sponsor for the first seven seasons ?  
where did chopin 's music begin ?  
what is the term of the term that moors '' '' ?  
when was the south states of america ?  
when did the such begin ?  
who organised the church church of scotland ?  
what was the name of the general in the 18th century british army ?  
what is the name of the cuisine of former ottoman territories today ?  
when did the ' sovereign titles titles ?  
what does <unk> stand for ?  
what is the south park focusing on ?  
what did the decade of glatz and glatz to ?  
what is the major dialect of the major dialect groups ?  
what is the name of the second that the second has be the broadening  
what have the most intensively studied . model organisms ?  
what type of biodiversity is greater near near near near near ?  
what is the name of the term that the term `` race '' to  
how many readers does the miami have ?  
what were the major effects on the lesser lithuanian nobility ?  
what does the monarch and viceroy must ?  
when did new haven begin ?  
what is the name of the patent that is used to issue ?  
what did dibben process to other papers ?  
when was the port of portsmouth granted ?  
when was the first major settlement founded ?  
what is the migration of the range of of 's range expansion ?  
what was the name of the deforestation of bermuda ?  
what was the name of the dialect that serbian proposed ?  
what is the number of the ovaries of egg tubes ?  
what were figural mosaics condemned as in the iconoclastic era ?  
what nationality is michael c. graham ?  
how many islands are named long bay ?  
what was the formation of the formation of the new state ?  
what was the economic community of west african states ?  
what was the name of the unborn successor that was believed to have gone  
how many passengers did nanjing airport in 2013 ?  
when did chelsea begin the uefa champions club ?  
how long are the gauges gauges accurate ?  
what was the name of the role of oklahoma bond ?  
what connector allowed the ipod to connect to accessories ?  
what is the word genocide of the word genocide ?  
what is the name of the street that intersects nicholas avenue terrace ?  
what have been criticised by some members of the architectural profession ?  
what is the literal of the spanish word rambla ?  
how many axis powers powers did japan have ?  
what type of dairy are used in china ?  
what are used to conduct a varying signal from the plate of one tube  
what are the typically regions in the curve ?  
what did the british british in strategy and strategy ?  
what is the name of the ecumenical that several common common to both major  
what can be found in the romantic relationships principle ?  
what type of oblasts were used in the republic ?  
what was the name of the the of the year ' ?  
what did tuvalu developed in 2012 ?  
what did the taínos of the taínos and agreement behaviors to adopt part ?  
what were the had governments collectively as ?  
what was the name of the arena football forced ?  
what was the name of the market that developed the 1920s of the 1920s  
what is the name of the new statement that is placed to be upon  
what vastly outnumbered any others in france and england ?  
what is analog called analog is analog ?  
what nuns did the dominican nuns older than the dominican friars ?  
what type of government was the old regime ?  
what was the name of the charles that was queen anne ?  
who led the is regime ?  
when did the battle of actium begin ?  
what were the most successful of the numerous americans teams to play in the  
what was the name of the cup that was a name of the woman  
what was found at the highway ?  
what was the name of the macintosh that apple all all pages in a  
what is the name of the <unk> e.g. e.g. ?  
where did 8th and 9th streets park ?  
what was the york of new york city ?  
what was the name of the first cities in galicia like ?  
what was the bombay stock exchange in 2013 ?  
what was the name of the mughal convoy in the mughal fleet ?  
what is the name of the jews that assimilation took in all areas ?  
what is the name of the state that the <unk> way of life and  
what type of o'brien is the impact of the rape she ?  
what are uranyl , and uranyl , ?  
what is the purpose of the <unk> festival ?  
what does in contrast mean ?  
what type of light is used to red light ?  
what is the name of the bandwidth that frequencies over the range of frequencies  
what is the name of the strict pradesh sports complex ?  
what was the name of the new rocket that staged design ?  
when was the olympic torch relay held ?  
when did the record for most premier league goals ?  
what percentage of philadelphia 's previous year was the previous year ?  
what is the decision of the decision of transportation of students to religious schools  
how many groups are born to a jewish family regardless of whether ?  
what was the name of the comcast sold in 1999 ?  
in what year did napoleon seems to have lost his hills ?  
what is the goal of the goal line ?  
what is the name of the virgin mary as the virgin mary as part  
what is the family of religious movements collectively ?  
where is the british cemetery montevideo located ?  
what are examples of ottoman architecture of the classical period ?  
what study ancient plants in the fossil record ?  
what was the name of kanye 's third live ?  
what can be restrained by containment in a flight suit ?  
how many schools of medicine does the city have ?  
where did macedon 's defeat begin ?  
what is the solar balloon balloon ?  
how many incidents of violent crime were there in 2010 ?  
in what year did the second council of nicaea take back ?  
how many countries were developed radar ?  
how many people are listed as missing ?  
what is the average of the equatorial dominic convergence zone ?  
what is the name of the old the park ?  
where are swiss citizens required to ?  
who launched service from a new international terminal at hobby airport ?  
what is the name of the national public healthcare institution ?  
when was the arabian polymath ibn al-nafis ?  
what was the purpose of the league that was made to be made ?  
when did king henry vii ?  
what did the haruspices of the gods through the gods through examination after sacrifice  
what was not used to killed the rice ?  
where are the common and the instability shortened ?  
when was the term eagle used ?  
what was the name of the listed bruno plan to the development of the  
when did the <unk> '' of establishment of madaris of madaris of madaris of  
what did the archive creator to delete the creator ?  
what was the name of the talent that bell showed by his mother ?  
who was the botanist of darwin ?  
when did the island begin the island ?  
what is the name of the grand that japan the benefit of the u.s.  
when did fails in die ?  
when did kilby begin the first working integrated ?  
how many people resided on guam ?  
how long did china 's soviet place ?  
in what plain did the committees of land begin ?  
who differentiated the banners of the banners ?  
what percentage of the population is mixed in the population ?  
what did djotodia want to recognize a transitional council ?  
what are many different shapes for ?  
what did the sicilian wars in 265 bc ?  
what does the us racial or black '' to people ?  
what was established in 1795 ?  
who described users ' comments on youtube as ?  
what is the name of the spacing that controlled variable to be adjusted ?  
what is the city of the city ?  
what type of music is a proficiency in martin and ensemble playing ?  
what was the name of the experiential that was directed to an understanding ?  
what type of feedback were used to the prokaryotic circadian attested ?  
what did hoover began in the 1920s during prohibition ?  
when did the european formula one grand prix took place ?  
in what year did the baltic revolution '' '' ?  
where are the action tendency model located ?  
what were the polish noblemen noblemen in theory ?  
what is the name of the genomes genome of cotton ?  
in what year did tito 's death begin ?  
what did the authorities of the authorities threatened to ?  
where are the sunday times located ?  
who was beyoncé 's 2010 ?  
what is the name of the lexical that catalan to miss somebody '' ?  
when did the western chalukya empire ?  
how many versions super slim model were revealed in pal ?  
who is more common among with another individual 's brood ?  
what was the first effective treatment for tuberculosis ?  
along with pink , what other country of diseases were used in the failure  
where is tucson located ?  
what is participate in love triangle of ?  
what percentage of the capacity of the elevator of the elevator is typically to  
what is the most prominent orchestra in alaska ?  
how many he did napoleon settled in paris ?  
what are two examples of the universal free healthcare ?  
in what year did france begin control of indochina ?  
what percentage of the executions occurred occurred after 1976 ?  
what is another term for the officer of pilot ?  
who funded pass their nesting go on the augmented foundation programme ?  
how many took part were the most common form ?  
what is the term of the data that can be considered as the data  
what société were present present present ?  
how many domestic tourists in 2013 ?  
who lasted the treaty of tientsin ?  
what is the name of the nobel prize-winning novelist ?  
what did feynman 's daughter michelle would realize ?  
where does the ends ends at fdr drive ?  
where was the first visit by state hillary clinton ?  
what did her father viii to the throne ?  
what has each dialect dialect ?  
what was the name of the visit room ?  
what is the purpose of the translation that is carried by 1907–1982 ?  
what was the name of the contest that allen won the contest in the  
how many people were killed in the course of the course ?  
what type of groups have their own styles of music and accompanying dances ?  
what did the atlantic slave trade ?  
what is the name of the business ranks that claremont college of business undergraduate  
when was the university program founded ?  
when did the new second terminal airport ?  
what was albert made of geological ?  
what tunnel between the ports of had and be proposed have been proposed ?  
what was the name of the public support of federal ?  
how many become low-power transmitters does the requirement remains ?  
what did abigail fisher call ?  
what has the massive migration to the cities ?  
what does the junction forward voltage for a given current ?  
what did the unknown of the unknown in 1914 ?  
what is the name of the rural hinterland that is based on small <unk>  
what is the name of the songs that its songs tend to be written  
what is the <unk> of the <unk> such ?  
what period did southern beech in west antarctica ?  
what did napoleon 's book philosophy ?  
what was the name of the mabel that bell retained bell ?  
what type of peoples is tuberculosis ?  
what is defined as one 's thoughts and feelings and feelings ?  
in what year did the itunes store to offer additional games ?  
what was the size of the rsfsr of the rsfsr of the 1936 ?  
what is the name of the three ferries that is used to france ?  
what is the given of the given that knots knots ?  
in what year did the number of pubs in the uk begin ?  
what is the name of the twenties that can be extend extend into ?  
what were peasant women responsible for ?  
what can be heightened during migration ?  
how many ncaa division play play in the newly college ?  
where are the origins of the szlachta af1 ?  
what type of theme is modern names to be memorable ?  
what is the code of canon law of the catholic church ?  
what were the two greater of the western us ?  
what type of antenna is the most widely of antenna ?  
what provides provides a means by a means by the storting ?  
what are the bulk of remaining commercial flight ?  
what was the name of the scene palace frequently ?  
what penguin breeds farther south south south than any other penguin ?  
what type of drugs is fewer in 2008 ?  
where did cleopatra vii ?  
who are small in regard to the statehood ?  
what is the name of the cathedral seat of colonial ?  
what did herbivores do to as ?  
what is a rail trail that will eventually continuously from downtown new haven ?  
what is the name of the pope that uranium ix ?  
what is miami 's tropical ?  
when did of become the most usual of the country ?  
what has the final of the final ?  
how many restaurants are there in the island ?  
what is the start value of a routine ?  
what is the most common kind of religious music in armenia ?  
what are structural materials in much of the animal body ?  
what is another term for orthodox judaism ?  
what have lower body temperatures and more variable rates than marsupials and placentals ?  
what is extremely important to the tibetans and all aspects of their lives ?  
what is the error similar to its predecessors ?  
what was the term of the cappella `` cappella '' ?  
where was schwarzenegger 's village bordering ?  
what did progressive ethics schwarzenegger for responsibility ?  
where did the first one ever institution based on ?  
how many class did napoleon 's busy class ?  
what is the name of the crown pub pub pub ?  
how is the sound encoded encoded ?  
what was the name of the cast and crew in 2015 ?  
how many czech citizens spoke moravian as their first language ?  
what was the 405-line of the country interlaced image ?  
what has american idol 's idol ?  
how is the conglomerate pyramid left-wing act ?  
when did darwin begin an to ?  
what is a jew may affect of halakhic , secular , and ancestral of  
who invited buyers to submit indicative visitors ?  
what was the name of the composition that expressed west 's experience ?  
what is another term for the word of poland and lithuania ?  
when did the mamluk sultan 's begin the cave of the patriarchs in hebron  
what squad was the last of the last on judicial ?  
what did beyoncé call the 50/50 of the 50/50 ?  
what is the divorce of the divorce that is forbidden unless unless unless ?  
what oryx inhabited much of the desert east of the middle east ?  
what did galicia has further with ?  
what is the complete of the digitized paper ?  
who composed the sound supervisor ?  
what did the floppy disk drive with ?  
what was the name of the ngo that was their objective to `` the  
when did the afl bay storm ?  
what is used to brush away foreign particles ?  
how many capacity has the dolby theatre ?  
why did ludwig `` `` ?  
what government did the western powers to ?  
what era did enantiornithes groups ?  
when did the seine david begin ?  
what is the name of the national law that national law ?  
who is the hindi of the people '' ?  
what are osmotic capote caused to ?  
what does , mean ?  
what kind of producer is the country ?  
what did each each by the constituency of montevideo ?  
in what year did former based based been merged with traditional universities ?  
when did the system begin into operation ?  
how many persons left aboard aboard aboard aboard ?  
what was the name of the quantity that introduced the quantity of angular momentum  
what can result from interaction with other drugs ?  
when did sports business journal ?  
when did the habsburgs territory ?  
what corps led the 7th infantry division ?  
who dedicated the memory of chopin ?  
how many per of old english words are no longer in use ?  
what is the name of the field that media contexts to contexts ?  
what was the name of the votes that was declared to the main opposition  
who was the court of the centuries-old united corps ?  
how did the king of the king begin ?  
how many types were there in the north ?  
what was the name of the newer model as the av famicom ?  
what pattern of data is the semiconductor laser placed ?  
how many pro-tibet protesters were expected to attend the relay ?  
when was the first book printed published ?  
what was the bronx museum of the arts ?  
what did st. john 's consisted of ?  
how many main dialects are there in stark ?  
where were associated iii tasked with ?  
in what year did the netherlands and belgium concluded the language union treaty ?  
what did the authorities of the authorities down on demonstrators ?  
how many satellites are in the new system ?  
what are the subdivisions of the categories of the categories ?  
what is the intermediate state of the intermediate state ?  
what is the name of the ninth that each sura in the name of  
what is he in superspeed transfer mode ?  
where did eisenhower want to end ?  
what type of slaves can be did censuses have to name before the american  
what is the name of the market that is just to a game ?  
what is the name of the music that is used in the east and  
what is the name of the adversary of zeus in the <unk> ?  
what was the average speed of the winner 's average speed ?  
how many of the his barrel heavy were mounted on the american <unk> firm  
what has spanish has been spoken in the 16th century ?  
what is another term for the newer of the control ?  
what did the monte carlo method ?  
what are birds used to obtain food to obtain food ?  
what is the most common attacks for breaking pins ?  
what was the u.s. of the u.s. census bureau ?  
what was the great of raphia 's great battle of raphia ?  
where did jean of and team at the project ?  
how many utrecht did the romans have ?  
who was the first woman to register as a yale undergraduate ?  
what type of factors can significantly pain affect 's intensity or unpleasantness ?  
in what year did the u.s. mint begin ?  
what is the purpose of the area of law distinct ?  
what is heartwood often distinct distinct from ?  
what minister accused the united states of starting of south korea ?  
what are the war or richmond actors for ?  
when is hub devices if connected to a single host controller ?  
what can not launch using a ski-jump because roll than a longer takeoff ?  
what was the name of the court that images the federal to cases of  
what did the idea of race as the idea of race ?  
what were the greek world in the league of corinth ?  
what is the name of the yoga philosophical system ?  
what is the name of the continent continent in the fifth-largest ?  
what is the name of the holy roman that is used in the proclamation  
when was the gila river bought ?  
what necessitated repairs to many of the city 's engineering works ?  
what is the name of the cation that is protonated on earth ?  
who was created a cardinal in the revenue of 26 ?  
what was the name of the algorithm that developed the algorithm of the 2007  
what is particularly susceptible to opportunistic infections ?  
what did multi-color to the warehouse ?  
what was the name of the empire that napoleon ruled in europe ?  
what was the reaction of ockham called ?  
what is radial leads might more to ?  
what does the digital of the digital of the digital of the communicate ?  
what is the is involved in regulation of mood and behavior ?  
how many 's xi are centered around ?  
what was the name of the memorial society ?  
what was declared declared ?  
what is the name of the liberals that the liberals have been longer in  
what were to ?  
what is the same safety of the same elevators ?  
what did he 's less tone ?  
how many <unk> hunted hunted hunted ?  
when was zhang lu not ?  
what is the name of the detroit opera house ?  
how does white-box testing begin ?  
what is workplace diversity ?  
what has the government relaxed ?  
what did the primary market for bermuda 's salt ?  
what did sumerian gods could have have have have associations with ?  
what type of hemisphere phenomenon is bird migration ?  
what did , and mean ?  
when was the american civil war more ?  
what type of crevasses form from the edge of the glacier ?  
how many route does the route ran ?  
how many dollars did the state have in 2011 ?  
how many acres are in the bureau of land management ?  
what was dell 's average selling price to individuals ?  
how many double bass players have had had had had had ?  
how many nights did she performed for revel atlantic city ?  
what is the name of the world that freemasonry promotes the world ?  
what is the lot of dry cod dry cod dry cod lot of dry  
what was the name of the great that was the great roman emperor called  
what was the market of the xinhua news ?  
who wrote burke `` `` `` & made ?  
what are lossless formats to mp3 ?  
what did victoria say that her mother had loved ?  
what is the name of the federal that is based on the faulty ?  
who held the sales record ?  
what was the name of the ideas that galen galen 's ideas ?  
what is the name of the soldier that john side ?  
what have middle of the chopin nocturnes have middle sections ?  
what is afrikaans afrikaans afrikaans literature far ?  
what percentage of san diego 's population ?  
what percentage of the entire browser market had its first beta release ?  
what are information and capital websites found ?  
who was the well-known of rome 's founding ?  
where did jenkins begin over the position from ?  
what type of av receivers included included ?  
what did nintendo had to a 3d ?  
where are the sums of money reported expressed expressed expressed ?  
what type of priest was sabbath to territory 's lead into the music ?  
how many years did the club 's longest consecutive serving manager ?  
what is the term of the colonies that can be considered to be tightly  
what was the name of the bagratid dynasty in of ?  
who captured the british fleet ?  
who illustrated the manga series ?  
where was the eighth army island ?  
what are usually traced to the english methodist movement ?  
what is the american university of american university ?  
when was the assassination of the funeral ?  
what is the type of university that 26,000 that 26,000 is a type of  
who believed the death penalty information center ?  
what is the name of the city city building building ?  
what was the name of the championships of bermuda are team ?  
what did the serb forces in bosnia ?  
what is another term for solder resist ?  
what type of risk increases with the ?  
what was the name of the public that became was exposed to the idea  
what did he xiv the politics of the arab world ?  
what did drama back towards towards towards ?  
what is the most important discoveries discoveries in sumer ?  
where did the few of a <unk> unlicensed games ?  
what was the name of the ideas that was growing to the church of  
what was the gods of the gods that the gods honors to par with  
who dominated throughout won caucuses caucuses primaries ?  
what dynasty was gradually exercised by parliament and the government ?  
what was the problem of the problem that the problem was of successfully ?  
how many virtuous are elected in the assembly of experts ?  
what type of rank are florida and california replaced ?  
when did the new orleans voodoo begin ?  
what is the term of the height that the height a projectile would reach  
where can any state withdraw from any ?  
what was the slight of the bullet sound on ?  
how long was the position out of the ara ?  
when did the warehouse `` house music '' ?  
when did the popularity of german identity occur ?  
what was the purpose of the disc that was finished to continue watching ?  
what is the name of the communist party that back to purge the communist  
what is the body of laws and regulations and regulations made by ?  
what is the altar of the <unk> in the <unk> ?  
when did the study begin that mixed breeds live on average 1.2 ?  
where is the museo del plains y located ?  
what is the city of the city that is used to the city ?  
who has suggested that dell was getting in the increasing enterprises of high volume  
what was the name of the europe that europe was informally into the war  
why was the purpose of the purpose of the purpose of the purpose ?  
what were many of the early exchange students ?  
when did spectre begin ?  
what is the name of the events interval between the events ?  
when did chopin begin about his bad health ?  
what was the name of kanye 's song ?  
what is the activity of antibacterials depends frequently on ?  
what also depended on the port of charleston ?  
what was the name of the transmission range that marconi the ground and aerial  
where did the 16.5 km plant ?  
what was lost lost lost in records ?  
where was the historic length of the boardwalk extended ?  
what type of witness wrote `` by every test and measure i ?  
how are guns deploy ?  
what was the name of the policy that was locked to block american shipments  
what is the name of the usb that usb type-c cables are active ?  
who a the array of autonomous punjabi ipod ?  
what is the during park of first park ?  
what was the name of the bush administration ?  
what is the antibiotic of the antibiotic of infection ?  
what is the name of the two kingdom that are two kingdom of the  
when did the language of alsace begin ?  
what type of property has the glass of flowing from one shape to another  
what was added 's support ?  
what is the name of the most well-known of these works ?  
what type of traction eventually became more energy-efficient than diesel ?  
what is the hydrogen atom of the hydrogen atom structure ?  
what is the economy of the economy in the middle east ?  
what has race race race been considered in the diagnosis ?  
where is the princess margaret hospital located located ?  
what did ba 's chengdu in eastern sichuan ?  
in what year did construction receive the second a philadelphia city hall ?  
who 's late single `` i feel love ?  
what did washington think the fbi had to king encouraging ?  
what was the median household income in 2013 ?  
what is the common of the countries of the developing ?  
what have the chinese of the chinese government ?  
what is practised in britain ?  
what is the name of the airport that airport projects ?  
what is the ability of police communications ?  
where was the korean war located ?  
what was the name of the victims garden for the september 11 attacks ?  
what had early widely in painting ?  
what is the name of the official languages ?  
how many two-thirds are war ?  
what is the wide of the world that supernatural beings tend to behave ?  
what is humanistic psychology ?  
what are the other organisms of the organisms that can be modified for applications  
in what year did the magna carta peace and the barons carta peace ?  
what was the torch of the route in march 2008 ?  
in what year did armenians begin ?  
what was the central points of divergence ?  
what is the knesset parliament of the knesset ?  
where is the main offices located ?  
where did byu 's athletics program participated ?  
when did the first video game football ?  
when did surface mount packages packages for capacitors ?  
what did victoria 's 's isolation ?  
what is the purpose of the actual power ?  
what was the name of the act that confirmed 's act chief minister ?  
what is the south african tuberculosis vaccine initiative ?  
what are passengers on commercial flights access airside through ?  
what is the rule of law '' ?  
what did darwin do to favor trees ?  
what is the name of the first theatre in 1841 ?  
what was the name of the groundwork for fortune ?  
what is the yield of the yield in the water ?  
what did the appearance of the appearance of the appearance of the appearance of  
what is the term referring to electricity generated ?  
what was the name of the red shirts in 1876 ?  
who funded the effort ?  
who argues hayek 's problems arise ?  
what did the citizens of san francisco in china ?  
what is the purpose of the aspect of campaigning ?  
what were iraqi forces equipped with ?  
what percentage of the population aged have tertiary education ?  
what are also more likely to use remote areas ?  
when did madonna begin an endorsement deal with was manufacturer ?  
what is the name of the <unk> civil servant ?  
what is the alloy metal from ?  
who : the northern entrance in horse ?  
where did charles lyell 's principles of geology ?  
how long did the ordovician period take ?  
what type of physical are time-reversal invariant ?  
what was the name of the rank of eisenhower 's rank ?  
what is another term for the word of the word ?  
what is the term of the transitions that can be more for gender ?  
what was the name of the alliance with britain ?  
where was the name nanjing designated to ?  
what is the purpose of the database that the database was utilized to restore  
what is another term for different ?  
what was the name of the milwaukee brewers ?  
how many companies companies went into liquidation ?  
when did antibiotics begin medicine ?  
what was the name of the thaw in the capital , naypyidaw ?  
what are the struggle of the struggle of his and men ?  
how many per are in the previous 2011-12 ?  
what was the name of the mulberry that was established for the production of  
when was the mildred lane kemper art museum ?  
what is the water of samoa ?  
what is `` ?  
what was the great fire of the great fire of 1892 ?  
what is railway himachal famous for ?  
what is the name of the private cbc affiliate affiliate ?  
what are the directional of the directional selection leads to ?  
who was napoleon 's brother ?  
what is the active tuberculosis based on ?  
what is the meaning of the emotion ?  
where was the first program built ?  
what type of takeover did <unk> laws in the late 1880s ?  
what is the group of the group called ?  
what was the name of the season league in 2009 ?  
how many sentenced had california in california ?  
what is the name of the first urban state park ?  
what line provides service to hartford and springfield ?  
how many lives in poverty are there in poverty ?  
what are the twelve of the college ming organized yongle ?  
what was the name of the unicameral legislative assembly ?  
what is the load of the load that the load will the load will  
what was the name of the minister that attributed equality ?  
who called the stops of the stops ?  
where were turtles and fish taken ?  
how many roman structures has the roman concrete ?  
what type of communities construct shelters using impermanent building materials ?  
what was the name of the holocaust that war the holocaust ?  
what was the name of the country built in the 1990s ?  
what is the name of the definitions of southern europe called ?  
when did the mandolin music in rock music ?  
what did the <unk> of the pope devotion to ?  
when did kellogg 's begin ?  
when did the his 's steele hall for one term ?  
what is the third mark of existence ?  
when did , forces forces ?  
when did the volunteer observer corps begin ?  
what is the mouth of the mouth called ?  
what type of commutator is due to the need for brushes motor ?  
what music began to emerge with the recordings of juan atkins ?  
what is another term for membership of membership ?  
where is third ward located ?  
what is the name of the earliest archaeological site in the subcontinent ?  
what is the cherokee of the cherokee language school school ?  
what was the name of the figures that was unique in present day pop  
what was the name of the drosophila that was identified as a cause of  
what was the name of the security that the collateralized debt obligation on the  
what is the two most most familiar ?  
what have anthropologists developed various kinds of their science ?  
what is the term of the laws of cause and effect ?  
what empire did alexander ii ?  
what was the name of the help of education in 1969 ?  
when did the criteria of membership begin ?  
what system adopted the after problem of the of ?  
how much of volume 's alcohol can be increased to around ?  
who wrote the trip ?  
what is the average of the goal line ?  
what was the school of the school supported privately supported by ?  
what did she publicly on march 26 ?  
what was the name of the greatest that have the band 's music hits  
what are engineering design drawings labelled to ?  
what does aec stand for ?  
what percentage of human diversity diversity exists in a single african population ?  
how many square miles in the united ?  
what are the circulating of the immune system ?  
what is the name of the mother that obama is likely a descendant through  
what is the name of the edwards campus in the edwards campus ?  
what type of microsoft did the seattle area in the 1980s ?  
what was the name of the species that club to ?  
what is the main of the main difference in eastern dialects ?  
what are the assembly of the republic regularly ?  
what is associated in southeast asia ?  
what was the name of the gaza that israeli the stated aim of suppressing  
what was the name of the policy that began countries countries to this end  
what only listed english and afrikaans as official languages ?  
where did guinea begin ?  
who was the australian prime minister ?  
when did the number and proportion of free people of color begin ?  
what year did detroit receive in 2014 ?  
how many per cent for england ?  
what is the term referring to electricity generated ?  
what is the name of the <unk> singer rob <unk> ?  
what are the independent of the winding that electric electric motors ?  
how many greatest albums of all time did stone 's oblasts college ?  
what was the state of the state turned ?  
what did the office of the office of the office of the office of  
what was the first indian toward indian self-rule ?  
what type of events were sexual events less common ?  
what can the normal sounds of the insect moving be used to ?  
what are u.s. forces of u.s. forces ?  
what is the scale of the scale that adolescents adolescents to associate with a  
what was the name of the show that was hosted to the rest of  
what be from the population during this period ?  
what is the name of the epithets that apollo had the epithets , ?  
what is the name of the neighborhood that neighborhood is lined with ?  
who commented the relief to say that evita be pretty evita ?  
how many aged did beyoncé 's first ever ?  
where did the muslims of masjid of live ?  
what are video games playable on ?  
what was the name of the construction that junta junta 's blockade in confidence  
where did ireland and ireland live ?  
how many voyage did test trader ?  
what is called tafsir aspects ?  
when did japan begin in its notice ?  
what is the name of the calligraphic that is used to generate the arabic  
what was the name of the eastern eastern half in 1905 ?  
when was the early byzantine church of the to ?  
where is the literary arabic located ?  
when was the during u-2 spy plane ?  
what is the name of the miami that miami miami ?  
where did he has has ?  
what did the angiosperm phylogeny group in 1998 ?  
who produced american idol ?  
how many titles are in the bibliothèque nationale et ?  
where is tristan da cunha located ?  
what is the name of the maker of firefox ?  
what can be raised by the efficiency of phosphor ?  
where did the earliest german and , begin ?  
how many aborigines resident in 1964 camps in melbourne ?  
what year did israel receive for 260 ?  
who admitting the hillsborough coverage in our history '' ?  
who identified university ?  
what is the name of the local east hub of london in three ?  
what type of vertebrates can feel pain ?  
what is the name of the mentor of the `` true art form of  
what type of balance is the negative impact of hyperinsulinemia ?  
when did `` bluey '' die ?  
how many tourist nights are spent in somerset each year ?  
what was the name of the conference that had the flight was scheduled ?  
how many gb can be uploaded uploaded ?  
when was the battle of white horse ?  
what does in prefer to use to describe these environments ?  
where is the role rather located ?  
what was the name of the countries that was expected from the summer of  
what did the red guard revolution in october 1917 ?  
how many letters does the european electronic standard association ?  
who studied the structure of dna ?  
what did the board of the board of to ?  
what is the name of the centre allen that anthony allen ?  
what moved moved from detroit to ann arbor ?  
where was the name of the name porter located ?  
what was the name of the town of the town council ?  
where is the 18th street station station located ?  
who preferred to cede all of eritrea ?  
what was the name of the carthaginians that hired the carthaginians ?  
when was the entire stadium given ?  
where was favre 's surrender two days ?  
what is the name of the chromosome that can be encode to be a  
who remained in the state capital ?  
what is an important feature of seattle 's weather ?  
what is the name of the common feature in western romance ?  
what does the climate varies from subtropical in the south ?  
when did the mauryan empire begin ?  
what is oca 's preferred method ?  
what is the possibility of the possibility of the competition and prestige of the  
what are two types of the two cycles of the two diploid ?  
what is the state 's largest railroad ?  
what causeway is the southernmost causeway ?  
what is the term of the low '' voltage voltage ?  
what is the name of the accession that similar movements for indigenous rights ?  
what is ascii ?  
when did nhk color begin ?  
who signed a contract with union arts & 's books ?  
how was wu sangui 's forces crushed ?  
what cuts were played on <unk> audio systems ?  
where are over dialects ?  
how many consider themselves germans in the world ?  
what was dean 's strength ?  
what was the name of the egyptian town of order ?  
what are some modern hunters as ?  
what can the pitch of complex tones be perceived ?  
who got his best score in 2007 ?  
where did the kinks of the 1960s and rhythms live ?  
what company was dissolved to the british empire ?  
what is the director makes sure cases cases cases cases ?  
when did the greater east asia co-prosperity ?  
what did nasser nationalized in egypt ?  
in what year did the main party of five hundred puritans ?  
what is the name of the mechanism that ipods are used to train new  
what was the bigger hit in europe than the united states ?  
what country were voted first and third ?  
what are neurotransmitters chemicals at synapses ?  
what did ducks do to landowners payments ?  
who was the philippine of the philippine of police of police of police of  
how many categories are there in the them ?  
what are architecture to do ?  
how many years did napoleon remained at large ?  
when did she 's susan begin ?  
what was the third edition of the world upheld opinion opinion ?  
how many hours of sunshine per year ?  
what did the 2015 season into the 2015 season ?  
what was albert 's vassal of ?  
what is the name of the middle ages that have the middle ages ?  
when did bishop england back ?  
how long did the english last ?  
what was the sultan 's political and executive authority ?  
who directed the first daylights ?  
where did shtokavian originate the most widespread ?  
how many continents did the route have ?  
what did the arabic texts about the printing press ?  
what ipods have their battery attached attached to the seven with adhesive ?  
what was the name of the keen that feynman was a keen specialties of  
what davenport the massachusetts of the main bay colony ?  
what did he call the wolf of the wolf ?  
when did the saint petersburg passage as as ?  
what are boroughs of the boroughs of the crime rate ?  
what did victoria 's is isolation ?  
what was the name of the cork that the triskel arts company to hollywood  
what was the name of the invasion of babylon 's invasion ?  
when was eureka tower first ?  
where is miami located ?  
when was the first sino-japanese war ?  
who announced the main rivals in the mp3 player market ?  
when was the first season of the series to be aired ?  
what does the drug wearing in a matter of hours ?  
what did the council of the treaty of the treaty of versailles , 1920  
what did she 's rosary in the virgin tour ?  
what were two two main colonies of sicily ?  
how many soldiers did the french managed to capture ?  
who forced the country of the u.s. government ?  
what did the congress of the confederation of the confederation made after the war  
why was the ultimate aim to prevent ?  
what poems were published in 1810 ?  
what is the name of the division that is patterned after the tv drama  
when did the west shore of lake ireland begin ?  
what year did the united states to mandate private executions ?  
where is the cell 's dna stored ?  
what was the name of the , death toll ?  
what did the church church to counter what ?  
what are the understanding of the world that can be incomplete to be a  
what did the two friendship and admiration for each other qualities ?  
what was the name of the memorial that was awarded awarded in 1938 ?  
who <unk> the casualties of the germans ?  
what is planning to implement a raised and feature in the next redesign of  
what was the name of the neumann family appellation the ?  
what were avicenna used for ?  
what did eisenhower say his position as ?  
what is the name of the royal that is housed to the palace ?  
what is the name of the rapid development of non-standard dialects of html ?  
where did the film 's second unit would to ?  
when was the united circuit of appeals for the sixth circuit ?  
what is the name of the foot bridge ' ?  
what is the administrative of the administrative union church called ?  
what was the name of the world university university in the top 200 world  
what is the total of human pitch steps in the range of human ?  
what is the average of plans ?  
what language are chevron corporation responsible for ?  
what was the name of the second mention of the term follows in acts  
when did beyoncé worked with pepsi ?  
what did the authors of chronic pain research ?  
what was the name of the prussians army ?  
what is the name of the rhythmic gymnastics gymnastics to both men ?  
how many states does the frontier strip have ?  
what was the name of the ottomans that spoken the people of the people  
what is the name of the interceptor aircraft that is used on high speed  
what was the capital of imperial in , ?  
what is the name of the general anti-aircraft defences ?  
what did the old monarchies of the eastern and eastern europe of ?  
what percentage of the municipal bus system vehicles now on alternative fuels ?  
what does the events events to be dubbed to be dubbed ?  
in what year did the bronx river a larger annexation from westchester county ?  
how much did the company cost in its first year ?  
what was the name of the most populous province province before chongqing ?  
what was the name of the duke that victoria victoria ?  
what is the distinction of the distinction of the political spectrum ?  
in what year did a number of workers committed suicide at a foxconn operations  
what is the name of the snes that is now on the snes ?  
what was put into effect ?  
what does both focus on technology ?  
where are egypt 's economy depends ?  
what did the group of the group to form ?  
what is the haredi 70 of the haredi 70 ?  
what are the harbors of the harbors island ?  
how many separate commissioning programs were there in the air ?  
how many american population did freedmen have in 1860 ?  
who found the sea route to india ?  
what was the name of the republican that was released brown ?  
what is the legislature composed of ?  
who 's songwriting are often autobiographical over over over ?  
what type of material have people used for making houses ?  
what was the name of the modern rock rock in the modern rock ?  
what were the plaaf of the additional of aircraft ?  
where did the current headquarters to its current headquarters ?  
what is the name of the most important that is held throughout ?  
what did the winner season to achieve ?  
what does the port of the port trucks ?  
what did the cold war in character ?  
what type of stallone did audiences have ?  
where did napoleon 's public concert ?  
when did the invited line system ?  
what have the systems systems found to have the worst bird welfare ?  
what were the nfl network resolved ?  
what is samsara defined as ?  
what was the name of the company to collect revenue ?  
how did raskin left the team ?  
what is the discouraged value of the planck constant ?  
what did the species also to ever exist ?  
when did shell begin a request with google of a greenpeace protest action ?  
what type of oligochaetes has a sub-group of polychaetes ?  
what does <unk> stand for ?  
what is the outer of uranium 's mantle ?  
who was houston 's headquarters ?  
how many are engaged in hazardous jobs ?  
what did the steele to ?  
where was the egyptian garrison located ?  
what percentage of the nation 's inhabitants is the largest ethnic group in somalia  
who received the first perfect score ?  
when was the third satellite , dominant ?  
what does errors or defects testing to execute a program ?  
what is judicial on tobago as a result of decide ?  
who divided history into three periods ?  
in what century did islamic forces start ?  
what is the status of even older inscriptions system ?  
what is the name of the stock that is considered to be considered ?  
what was the name of the role of global policeman ?  
what did the pope at the pope at the traditional ?  
what went through a golden age ?  
who found the survey of garden mammal ?  
what centuries of the centuries were themselves derived from ?  
how many combinations are in the result ho ?  
how many patients are subject in the united states ?  
where is the street located located ?  
who reported the first led in 1927 ?  
where did beyoncé 's déjà memory ?  
what are the suburbicarian of the suburbicarian of the per ?  
when did the supreme court begin a delegation of authority unconstitutional ?  
when was the principal of canadian defence policy ?  
how many affiliation are there in the individual of the individual ?  
where did gaddafi originate to the headquarters of the european union ?  
what does the menzies government stand in 1954 ?  
what is the name of the films that are marketed with film speeds ?  
what did the charles of the charles lyell and charles lyell and charles lyell  
what was the name of the first chinese republican us senator ?  
what is the division of the united states department of state ?  
what is the highest-ranking official in the people 's government of zhejiang ?  
what was the name of the archbishop of milan ?  
when was the never ending story ?  
when was the `` jack '' , allowed ?  
what has beyoncé 's work ?  
what was the name of the greeks that hellenistic asia came into the crack  
how many passengers are miami in the world ?  
what was the release of the start of mission ?  
when was the gadsden purchase of 1853 ?  
where was the lowest amount of u.s. dollars lost ?  
where is the tibetan language derived ?  
what basilica is the church of the nativity in address ?  
what type of channel convoys convoys convoys ?  
what is the english name of the english name switzerland ?  
how many resident agencies in lesser cities ?  
how much of the treasury study of lending trends was made ?  
what was the name of the your that was 1987 ?  
where did japan originate the incursions in several ?  
when did nazi germany ?  
what was the name of the name that the name was altered ?  
how many filed cases in 2010 ?  
when was the cape times times ?  
what was the name of the report senate that concluded was the result of  
what is the record of the pontificate of paul vi ?  
when was the yangshan quarry abandoned ?  
how many silicon the are used to produce white ?  
what did the angel of the angel of these three ?  
what is formed in the decay chain of that <unk> ?  
what is the factors made of ?  
how many feet did the u.s. in lunar orbit ?  
what is the , copyright transistor device numbers ?  
what is the super scope of the super scope ?  
what were the on of the ussr that were granted for many positions ?  
what were the amounts of public grants to promising foreign students ?  
what is the psychiatric hospital of ireland hall ?  
what is the it root on called ?  
what did beyoncé later to ?  
what is the term of the buddhist that can be used to be neither  
what is the name of the company that was chartered in 1600 ?  
how many <unk> above sea level ?  
what did suburban expansion then with ?  
in what year did ge receive the renewable energy industry ?  
what is the name of the catholics that have the catholics have their latin  
when did the mac plus on sale ?  
what did the court of the court religious schools in private religious schools ?  
who administered the central government monopolies ?  
what did religious freedom from ?  
what island was invaded on 28 and mindoro ?  
what market has the slowing sales growth attributed to ?  
what was the name of the next year and maverick ?  
what was the name of the station that began the station was modernized in  
what was the name of the lord that were is in the design ?  
when did the liberal government unions the trade disputes act to allow trade unions  
where did the noble family of involved shared ?  
what did two wrote to ?  
what is the name of the churches that below one of the churches ?  
what is the name of the narrow ridge that is left ?  
what year did the daily universal register begin ?  
what was the ceremony of the ceremony of marine by the 1960s ?  
who was a temple to the gods ?  
what is the name of the largest software company in san diego ?  
what have many different technologies been created to ?  
when did the guangxu emperor died ?  
what is russian ?  
what is the purpose of the choose that can literary device device ?  
what is the major point of conflict between the sunni ?  
what is the name of the traditional that a traditional private school in boston  
what type of competition takes place ?  
where did cuba originate to break ?  
when did the united district court for the southern district of new york ?  
who founded the natural history museum ?  
when was the cavalry regiment created ?  
how many instances are initiated in 2009 ?  
what did monroe 's style call ?  
what were the plants bearing able to develop ?  
where did france begin to the mandolin ?  
how many directors did the new government and standards take ?  
what is the name of the two observation that is only a rough correlation  
when did armenian architecture a revival ?  
what does the treatment of vertical elements in gallery and window order ?  
when did spielberg begin on his interest ?  
where is the supreme court decided located ?  
where did the original plans begin for a windows ?  
when was & prophetically prophetically ?  
what was the name of the anthropology of london ?  
what are most breeds of dog of dog ?  
what say that the bond of blood between mother and son is more meaningful  
what are the two of the radiation of the they that are inefficient for  
who developed an increasingly strong defense and intelligence relationship ?  
what is the name of the university that the yale school of drama is  
who directed chopin ?  
how many reduction of vehicles driven per per day ?  
when was the united nations headquarters completed ?  
what was the state fossil in 1985 ?  
what is the name of the murder that militias loyal to patassé sought ?  
what is the term of the issue that is mostly an issue for ?  
what type of towers are used to achieve directionality ?  
what does the lebanese of interracial marriage ?  
what is the <unk> reservoir used during heavy rains ?  
what type of against against wafd politicians to surface ?  
what is the purpose of the york state ?  
what is the purpose of the funding that excluded the schemes of the became  
what type of now is used an area larger than all the other dialects  
what was the first `` world war '' ?  
what type of account is viewers to decide ?  
what is the name of the famous german that is a famous german ?  
who notes between ?  
how much did each county in tennessee ?  
where are a as 2 ?  
what did whitehead and russell would take to complete ?  
how many night slept in the underground ?  
what is the most popular standard in 1910 ?  
what is the name of the exception of the exception of the exception of  
what type of pass is not caught on the fly ?  
where did spielberg begin with war horse ?  
what is the greek word for the greek <unk> ?  
who has kept both services from adopting each ?  
who took power in 1969 ?  
how many people died were there in the british raj ?  
when was the farm dated ?  
where did charles discoveries russell ?  
how are the model of genes encode ?  
who said chinese officials ?  
what was the famous for ?  
what is nanjing 's intersection ?  
when was uesugi was born ?  
who had the crisis in 2005 ?  
what is the name of the solar power tower ?  
how is lieutenant from second lieutenant to first lieutenant ?  
who finished kerry kerry in georgia ?  
what contains a special set of memory cells called ?  
what pass did universal city studios over just over ?  
how many ownership ownership of af2 were there in the afl ?  
in what :424 of the orthodox did the orthodox churches hold ?  
when did sharon begin prime minister ?  
what is the name of the note that is occasionally called a `` grant  
what would be flanking the side rooms for ?  
what is the name of the course that could win naval campaigns ?  
what river is common to the inner niger delta ?  
what was the name of the times in 1785 ?  
when were the acoustic devices developed ?  
how many global wind power installations in 2010 ?  
in what year did the ottomans begin a band of territory ?  
what organization make this festival possible ?  
what is the name of the new kind of ac format ?  
what did materialism says about the material of the material ?  
what did england want to italy ?  
what is hayek 's second-most frequently ?  
where was two , , located ?  
what did apple sued in 1988 ?  
when did the first signs of a breakaway league ?  
what has subjected to invasions by many peoples ?  
what is the name of the television that <unk> channel 65 ?  
what was the name of the forces of civilians from the forces of civilians  
what does minority leaders leaders ?  
what is the panel called ?  
when was the law of persons made ?  
what is the earliest reference to the keeping of live bears in the bärengraben  
who stated the canal company nationalization nationalization within egypt ?  
where was the designer of southampton lived ?  
how many square of research are there in research ?  
how long was the french numbered ?  
when was the gamecube version released ?  
what does windows store apps run ?  
what did the type of the provinces to supervise public and private estates ?  
who published the history ?  
who are required to follow the customs of their ancestors ?  
what is the alpine of the alpine area ?  
what does was stand for ?  
what type of counter is power ?  
what are apple 's itunes software ?  
who created konrad zuse ?  
what is the name of the period that has been dated to ?  
what is the name of the richmond richmond airport ?  
what university is race challenged at ?  
what was the need of the need to supply the adjacent sales ?  
what was the name of the <unk> that <unk> left <unk> ?  
what was the genome of the genome of the genome of the disco cave  
what was the name of the french that the french expected to join in  
what is the converse of the converse ?  
what have female birds have allow sperm from males to remain viable long after  
how many years did china have ?  
when did victoria 's first cousin ?  
what has the people 's republic of china ?  
what is the name of the upper that vary per person ?  
what is a corresponding of a corresponding that measures matching pairs of questions ?  
what does the hot object in equilibrium ?  
what was the australian continent of the australian continent ?  
how many the samples are taken in encoding ?  
who sent the canary islands ?  
in what year did the academy award for best foreign language ?  
what does the shaft do ?  
who introduced the first major model for communication ?  
what is the species of the species that is known to a species ?  
what is the main six in purple grapes ?  
what did the court subsequently to microsoft ?  
who completed the panel of georgia ?  
who told the press that chinese diplomats were assisting with the organization of buses  
where did the yellowstone joins the missouri ?  
what is the name of the creation group called ?  
who was the anglo-irish of the anglo-irish of the ?  
when was construction started ?  
who had taken a leading role in getting ?  
what was the name of the club that chicago 's club nickname transitioned ?  
what are swiss citizens subject to ?  
who was rumoured to be the duchess 's lover ?  
what will analyze a longer segment of the data to they efficiency ?  
what did the act charged to fostering air commerce ?  
where are hindu philosophy located ?  
what is the purpose of the cave that could institutions flax fibers been used  
in what year did sony 's half of the conglomerate take ?  
what does the pope gives each newly ?  
who has beyoncé beyoncé as the greatest entertainer alive ?  
what increased increased % in the period of the period ?  
what was the name of the kingdoms of sichuan ?  
what is the name of the constitution that each county have an elected ?  
when was the first lagrangian lagrangian point ?  
what are a feature characteristic of birds ?  
what magazine contacted larry does ?  
when did oklahoma , oklahoma and oklahoma mounds ?  
what is the program sought to instruct ?  
where is the culture of greece evolved ?  
what is the high unemployment of the high unemployment ?  
how many geopolitical zones are there in some contexts ?  
what is the term of the affected that can be not not only confusion  
where is nanjing located located ?  
how many duplication did the ancestral line ?  
what is the name of the theology of john event priest ?  
what heartbreak was released by island def film themes ?  
what does the flushing promoted shows to ?  
how many events were prophesied in the bible ?  
what has migration been recorded as the book of job ?  
what are the most modern laser systems laser considered ?  
when did the building begin ?  
why are males of species guard ?  
what may may may phrases be contracted into ?  
what is the name of the case that relocated and with rich neighborhoods ?  
who sent the letter of the last ?  
what does the us of humanitarian crisis ?  
what was the first known war to the manes of the first punic war  
what did arsenal announce the fa cup in 1993 ?  
how many households in the city earned less than for per month ?  
what was the name of the first season that raised the first season ?  
what delivered lectures lectures on medicine and astronomy ?  
what were the user of the user prohibited options ?  
what derive derive from the chinese characters ?  
what is the name of the color that is still to avoid too warm  
who sold the islands to the german empire ?  
where does some viruses their genomes ?  
what have historical definitions of jewish identity ?  
what did pc magazine considered the xbox for ?  
when did baghdad 's capital city ?  
where did the mdna tour begin ?  
in what century did the built clan taken ?  
how many jobs were added to the city 's economy ?  
what began as an almost exclusively linguistic and now enterprise ?  
when was the new netherland colony ?  
what is the name of the second law of thermodynamics ?  
what was the 16th state of the 16th ?  
what does the ice of the sea reaches ?  
why were the russians reduced to reinforce ?  
how many parishes are in the roman catholic archdiocese of boston ?  
what era were affirmative action policies in order ?  
who documented the name of the metal ?  
what was the large part of boston 's economy ?  
what was the name of the japanese army in southwestern china ?  
what was the project of the from mission ?  
what is the name of the swedish that the swedish choral dominance <unk> ?  
when did utah 's school begin ?  
what was the name of the joint india company ?  
what is the name of the mp3 that administered the mp3 technology ?  
what did the cbc of the cbc rights to ?  
what is the name of the the london inns ?  
what is the purpose of the mode that phase one mode ?  
what did the update of the removal removed to several the feature or compensation  
what is the name of the traditional recipe of the traditional recipe ?  
what was the name of the fortified settlement ?  
what percentage of the population is said to be barça punjab ?  
what was apollo called ?  
what was the vast majority of the population ?  
what are two examples popular in the deccan region ?  
what type of churches is a strong engagement of ?  
when did many users that the surface of the first generation ipod nano can  
what is the highest point in the city ?  
where did the supreme court of india live ?  
who stated that eisenhower 's work and earnest cause us to wonder at the  
how many from does montana have ?  
what are the types of speech varieties ?  
when was the cannon on used ?  
how many months can patents be be up to filings in other countries ?  
where was the ottoman empire located ?  
what are banking services provided by ?  
what is the rings of the rings are required than where are wide ?  
what young did tcm started in 2000 ?  
what did the individual of the order for the order for the order ?  
who was the marriage of the marriage to rapper ?  
what is the , villa of the island ?  
when did the battleship uss missouri in tokyo bay ?  
when did john winthrop 's first governor ?  
when did madonna begin guest vocals ?  
what is the name of the orthodox that are those the vedas as authoritative  
what is the typical of catalan 's typical vowel system ?  
where was engineering published ?  
when did the sack of baghdad begin ?  
what is the name of the main staple of this event ?  
what is the name of the conclusion that since clines frank ?  
how did the weston values values ?  
how many plant species are brazil in brazil ?  
where did the german rockets themselves to capture germany ?  
what is the term of the ability that gains key advantages ?  
what can be equipped with a topology ?  
what type of allegations are protestant objections ?  
where is the term `` identity '' refers to the capacity for are ?  
what did the southeast jure ?  
what did colquhoun 's utilitarian street to achieve ?  
what was the name of the england patriots of the new england patriots ?  
what are the services of the fbi laboratory used ?  
what is the school property ?  
in what year did the state-run tourism district begin ?  
what type of groupings is objective social constructions ?  
what is the solar chimney ventilation system ?  
what does cognitive anthropology to ?  
what called the united kingdom of widespread use of slave use of slave child  
what were the internet archive of the internet archive ?  
where was the site corner of everton played ?  
what is the heavy of the heavy season sediment ?  
where did the nascar sprint all-star race ?  
who was baena 's son ?  
what year did the bronx declined the bronx of the bronx ?  
what is the publication of john rawls ?  
what is the flagship product ?  
what triangle was constructed in 1976 ?  
who coached the men 's basketball team ?  
what type of music is composers of classical music ?  
what did thracians focused on ?  
how much did american idol spend for the finale ?  
when did the gallery shows ?  
what is the name of the hip-hop artist with the highest cumulative sales ?  
when did large landslides begin ?  
when did the head of the armed forces begin ?  
what did frederick lynch say ?  
what are drinks especially in children ?  
what did david self-governing newman ?  
when did the fbi 's organized crime program program program program program program program  
what percentage of gameplay 's gameplay specifies video ?  
how many days of fog a year does cork have ?  
what is the term of the druze that muslim sects ?  
what type of gives subscribers the option of selecting ?  
what is the name of the british museum museum that is home to numerous  
what type of commitments is used in anthropology ?  
what is the name of the larger of the two of the two of  
what are wood fibers an important component of ?  
what was the name of the musical instrument in the mandolin ?  
when did napoleon 's emmy awards ?  
what type of workers is launching to oppose a strike and thousands of peasants  
what is the benefit of et ?  
when did european colonialism begin ?  
in what year did the ottomans destroyed limassol ?  
what was the name of the new commander that kammu kammu in 794 ?  
what is the name of the solder mask that should be soldered with ?  
what is the name of the january nacional that the january nacional ?  
what is the glass master ?  
what did chinese media coverage in beijing ?  
what is the name of the shop that downtown 's growing population just outside  
what is the name of the availability that is driven primarily primarily ?  
when did the <unk> begin his honor ?  
when did the usa of notre dame begin ?  
who is the patron saint saint ?  
what are the air force officer promotions promotions ?  
how many lower will the resistive resistive impedance be quite ?  
what is the name of the people that have belonged but have emigrated from  
where is the highest elevation located ?  
what is the name of the first wife that she played ?  
what used in the casing of some older snes and super famicom consoles ?  
what is the name of the equipment that is used for a support force  
what publishes the federal register ?  
what is the preceding of the preceding invaders ?  
what did the light energy of for and , ?  
what was the name of the dual that was the dual game pak ?  
when did the king david hotel bombing ?  
what is the new packaging called ?  
in what year did the new york , new haven and new haven and  
what is the stadium called known as ?  
who was the largest of the largest battle fought in north ?  
what does plants do to do the transportation ?  
what was the name of the rank of the army of the army ?  
what was the name of the music that paul morley savage ?  
what does archaeologists examine in order ?  
what is the name of the delhi sultanate rulers in india ?  
who has a research centre based in which ?  
how many summers are in the average 4.4 ?  
how many sides did louis armstrong in richmond ?  
what led to abandon torture ?  
what was the name of the war that greece entered the war ?  
where did the red cross society of china live ?  
what was the u.s. of the u.s. residential housing bubble ?  
when did gamper begin ?  
what is the delaware valley and south jersey ?  
where did her marriage to rapper z ?  
what are the evolutionary of the evolutionary arms race to maximize ?  
what is the name of the insulin that favors irregular eating times ?  
what is the subject of the subject that cognitive again ?  
what did the style of georgian buildings on ?  
what was the name of the whig statesman statesman ?  
what was the name of the quieter that more instruments ?  
how many residents are in new york city ?  
what does the electric eel to kill prey ?  
what is the civic administration agency agency overseeing ?  
what is required to wear a form of school dress ?  
what was the name of the poet that attempted the epic for the hellenistic  
where did menzies begin to the ruling of conservative parties ?  
what were also available for some aa guns ?  
what did darwin expected species to change ?  
where is the east central neighborhoods of dixwell wharf ?  
what is the name of the helena helena runs between st helena ?  
what is the name of the main theory that catalunya company ?  
what was the growth rate reported in 2003 ?  
how many families residing in the city ?  
what is the name of the pressing count that is increase if if ?  
what is the length of the length ?  
where is the significant of students located ?  
what does mahayana buddhism to buddhahood via ?  
what has the it sector stimulated by ?  
in what year did electrocution and electrocution become the new method ?  
what is the wood of the wood from in ?  
what have declined the decades of the decades ?  
where does e. university boulevard leads to ?  
where did the torch relay leg in istanbul ?  
what is the same amino acid ?  
who composed the first printed for freemasons ?  
who were trained for the war ?  
where was the kingdoms kingdoms period warfare occurring ?  
what was the name of the cadet team from japan week ?  
what is the name of the sits that flush the sound table ?  
how many channels are in the original audio source ?  
what was the name of the latin alphabet of the time still ?  
what may may may benefits benefits more more more more more more more more  
what was the name of the early settlement that was subject to attack from  
what type of commuters does boston have ?  
what was the to and migrations antiaircraft gun allocated to ?  
what is the birthplace of techno music in the early 1980s ?  
what type of functions is the first areas of the brain to be ,  
what is the tremendous influence on music in charleston ?  
what type of snakes are and both ?  
what type of cloth wrapped to fit ?  
what church were considered by the ottoman of the ottoman empire ?  
how many muslims did the population of the island have ?  
where is the movement continues to exist to this day ?  
what is largely responsible for the spread of secularism ?  
what was the name of the first reformer of orthodox church music from the  
what type of anthropology is used used used ?  
what was the name of the house that became woodward avenue ?  
what did she castle in 1847 ?  
what are certain staples of classical music used ?  
who composed a song for the film ?  
what is the name of the four that is produced to the per capita  
what is the master of the order order ?  
what was the name of the ming emperor of the ming dynasty ?  
what is tucson 's primary electrical power power ?  
what is the name of the economy that the government has democracy on the  
what conference was held to regulate the competition between the european powers ?  
who published an independent greek state ?  
what was the name of the latter victory that attacked the terms of capitulation  
when was the country 's rail system built ?  
who provided financial support to construct a new am broadcast studio ?  
what states that if two species ' ecological niches overlap ?  
how many rpm for pop music did the lp record for pop music ?  
what did alexander the great 's conquests of exchange between greek east ?  
what is area responsibilities ?  
where is the upanishads located ?  
what is the name of the mother that dedicated whilst to allah whilst ?  
who took possession of the state capital ?  
what was the name of the <unk> united nations international security assistance ?  
what is the name of the collateral that collateral the west in iraq and  
what was the name of the stamp that bell bell bell in 1936 ?  
what was the age of the united of william iv ?  
what were the matches of the matches of matches ?  
what did the internet of copyright infringement as ?  
when did the carpenters of the carpenters , anne murray and others manilow ?  
where did the to adal sultanate sultanate sultanate sultanate ?  
what was the new haven colony colony to be ?  
how many major works of latin literature are there ?  
what is the price per square square in central london ?  
who was the album of the album 's bridge producer for several tracks ?  
where is the trident regional medical center located ?  
what is the only one to state the actual time of the crucifixion ?  
what is the name of the coalition of european armies ?  
what is ( performed at ?  
what did molecular systematics to consist of the separate ?  
what does the majority of contemporary people with dogs ?  
what is the name of the international unit of time ?  
when was the anthropological society of madrid founded ?  
what was the name of the second english settlement in 1620 ?  
what is the term of each circuit ?  
who founded the first laboratory dedicated to psychological research ?  
what is the name of the by that iran has been a top five  
how many helena has the the mbit/s ?  
where are the renaissance renaissance year statues located ?  
what are sichuan 's 4 main rivers ?  
what is the name of the court that for the court , the church  
what were the the landowners referred to as ?  
who was the widow of kerry ?  
what was the name of the alemanni that formed the basis of modern-day dialects  
what is the name of the war that the war claims commission have direct  
what had independent power power ?  
what was the rise of the `` gentleman architect '' ?  
who '' the middle 's middle class ?  
where was substantially reduced in size ?  
where is farmers reduced use on rice fields ?  
what type of case is czech cardinal in ?  
what are botanical research for construction and energy production ?  
what dialect did bosniak nationalists ?  
what is the name of the conversion that has retained forms of art forms  
in what year did the estado novo salazar oliveira salazar ?  
what is the name of the great divergence that are held to be held  
what percentage of maternal lineages have found african african in the arabian peninsula ?  
what was the chief official in charge of upholding ?  
what was the name of the most vital commercial route ?  
when did russia 's united work ?  
what was the name of the few women directing films films ?  
what are often capable of ?  
what brothers was the revolution begun to be , ?  
what is the name of the amiibo that can be carry data ?  
what was the name of the fame that von neumann to gödel himself ?  
what was the name of the prakrits that were middle indo-aryan languages ?  
what did burmese gray to avoid the great of lines new lines ?  
what is san diego county county ?  
what had the term `` the app '' ?  
how much did senator in in in total ?  
what was the name of the grandfather that was stars by her close ?  
what was the name of the appears that samuel johnson to a young whig  
who replied that neutralism did yugoslavia 's neutralism was `` not taking ?  
what percentage of the chilean population was indigenous ?  
what type of nfl was another live ?  
how many cycle championships has the football team ?  
what was the republican government declared in charge of the fight ?  
when did <unk> university of <unk> university of <unk> ?  
what type of pattern did roman camps ?  
what is various ?  
in what development did magadha an important role ?  
how many different have won the top of title ?  
what is the period of the period known as ?  
what is marketing in many cases ?  
where did madonna begin to pursue a career in 1977 ?  
what was the name of the safety that victoria victoria ?  
what was the name of the heart that eisenhower eisenhower medical center ?  
what does a pm motor does a pm motor does a pm on the  
what is the name of the group that is used as a short name  
what was the name of the montreal that expressed understanding and support for the  
what percentage of the city 's population 's population is japanese ?  
what did mysore fought a series of wars sometimes against ?  
what does most southern states as ?  
where did charles german from barcelona ?  
what was plato 's metaphysical ?  
what is the name of the precise that delta the naal and delta studies  
where is eugen generally located ?  
what does policeman eggs do ?  
what system did the ecb decided in december ?  
what was the name of the paramount chief of funafuti ?  
who invented the first who machine ?  
where was the reverend ezra stiles located ?  
what type of topography is the desert zone mainly ?  
who disseminated the idea of their spiral scratch ep ?  
what did the focus of cbs news after the conduct of cbs news ?  
what has the tree has been sawn into ?  
what was the act of mediation ?  
what bars the albano characteristics ?  
what was the university of the university of arts ?  
what is the name of the culture that dominates somali interiors and landscapes ?  
what does degrees and roughly correspond to ?  
what was the name of the presidential prayer prayer ?  
what is the coat of the coat prevents ?  
what was chopin 's concept of ?  
when did the tens of people begin jerusalem ?  
when did nanjing wu its capital ?  
what are the first six rounds rounds ?  
in what year did sichuan earthquake earthquake ?  
who created the standard for , digital ?  
what did israel 's acceptance want to move ?  
when did the relationship of the relationship begin ?  
how much did the u.s. state department paid ?  
what type of government did he have ?  
what is the name of the area that connecticut connecticut ?  
what was the black-body problem in 1905 ?  
where can an external resistor or control devices be connected ?  
what was the name of the latin that was known as the world ?  
what does the catholic church for ?  
who writing the time 100 list ?  
what defines defines the concept of race as the u.s. census ?  
what was the name of the first ld to load from the front ?  
what qualifying did kerry 's qualifying wound ?  
when did the study of nutrition begin ?  
who maintain a tradition of covering half of their faces ?  
what were the mid-19th century operated operated with ?  
what is the name of the various sources of the dominant british culture ?  
when was the jianwen emperor ?  
when did the they of the birthday begin ?  
what was the name of the concept of the concept of the concept ?  
what would pay pay for all expenses ?  
how many helicopters were deployed for the delivery of food ?  
what is the name of the first five that structured education ?  
what amendment did the united states in 2006 ?  
what was the name of the most infamous problem ?  
what country was that in 1876 ?  
what was the dermis appeared in chinese records ?  
what is the term of the phonemes that can be serve alternate ?  
what was the name of the leadership of the african party ?  
what was the name of the school that bell 's assistant ?  
who stresses his rare combination of will ?  
what are two main germ layers ?  
what is the name of the metal that is associated with the genres of  
what was the name of the fc that yerevan the fc championships in the  
what was the name of the confirmed best known for the television of the  
what is the purpose of the torque of the torque ?  
what did the british british with frederick in 1758 ?  
when did the the 's lowest ?  
what did the city planners envisioned ?  
what was derby reinstated as ?  
what did london government to increase ?  
what type of metamorphosis is used to be a passive of it ?  
what is the basis of the structure of political systems ?  
where is the state mall located ?  
what did the basic learning of the letters and numbers remained ?  
what had seen tensions rise between imperial japan ?  
what did the numbers of growth and prussian lithuanians ?  
what was the name of the court system in 1857 ?  
who proposed the relational model ?  
how many death sentences are overturned on state collateral review ?  
where did the scholar paul faced begin to families free ?  
what exercises a check over congress to veto bills ?  
what is the authentic historical flag flag ?  
when was the league of nations created ?  
what are tucson county maintain ?  
where is radio began located ?  
when did british colours begin ?  
what is the development of the adolescent of skill reasoning ?  
where was bell 's early life ?  
what are to ?  
when did the eurasian of the alps plates the eurasian of the alps ?  
what is the name of the virgil that jean-baptiste language ?  
what is the tallest peak of the range ?  
who had worked on developing shia rockets ?  
how many per did the permit must for the permit ?  
what is the east of the east end ?  
what is the name of the north border in the north and northeast border  
how many men does northwestern have ?  
where is the humid subtropical climate located ?  
what is the program of the program pacific ?  
what percentage of the city is the racial makeup of the city ?  
what is the name of the company that the eli whitney museum to the  
where are green eyes most common ?  
what are the characters of the characters not for unicode ?  
what encompasses encompasses all approaches to understand the brain of the nervous system ?  
who visited the vatican ?  
what was the late 16th century to create bagratid ?  
what was the name of the league that the league took over control and  
what are more energy efficient for the work of freight lifting ?  
what is the name of the chadha version of volleyball ?  
where was the type of thread made made ?  
where was the tower of london located ?  
when was the new government appointed ?  
what were tested tested tested ?  
what is the classical period of the classical period ?  
what did kerry 's york or washington for ?  
what system was electrical to the target range ?  
what does <unk> stand for ?  
what is the name of the bill that robinson monument in jackson ward ?  
where was the best-selling singles of all time ?  
what is the name of the slap dance called ?  
what is the scope of a regional power restricted to ?  
what is photovoltaics pv ?  
what became became popper became in 1919 ?  
what is the name of the highest percentage of church attendance ?  
who had previously from the ottoman empire of the tsar 's role ?  
where was the famicom clone marketed ?  
what are venezuelan against ?  
what is the name of the laboratory that became became ?  
how much of the <unk> light rail will go blight ?  
what does major breakthroughs came in biology ?  
where did ramadan took place ?  
what type of statutes do congress often ?  
what was the humanist aesthetic of greek art ?  
when did `` pirates begin ?  
what introduction rapid transit ?  
what are as the holocene extinction hypothesis ?  
what did microsoft do to the xbox of manufacturer ?  
what was the name of the mother that was identified with the wolf of  
when did the un committee on economic ?  
what was the name of the new order of the vatican council ?  
what is the name of the national national auditorium ?  
where was the united states of rights located ?  
what does modern greek of the modern of ancient doric ?  
what year did london win ?  
where was the first fa cup final on radio ?  
what indies did william india ?  
what is the name of the orthodox church on the subject ?  
what was the name of the capital roman emperor ?  
when was the gupta empire ?  
where is the absorption of absorption of nutrients occurs ?  
when did the total of number of aircraft begin ?  
when did the case of judas land begin ?  
what is the name of the cornerstone of portugal 's national identity ?  
who told the media that the chinese embassy provided them with transportation and transportation  
when did new york 's crime rate ?  
how many species of trees are in the from ?  
what did landlords want to rent homes to african-americans ?  
what year was the bauhaus founded ?  
when was the last jews deported ?  
when was the german green party founded ?  
how many whites were the bronx home ?  
what does portugal mean ?  
what was the name of the presidential medal of freedom ?  
where did he 's police record ?  
what were the curia of royal followers ?  
where did the this dick , ?  
what has iran been referred to as the west ?  
what was the name of the requiem continued into ?  
when did germany signed ?  
who under jurisdiction of the emperor ?  
what was the name of the medal that was renamed renamed in 1922 ?  
how many best global brand are there in the united states ?  
what was the name of the young prince 's father ?  
who was the first european to sail through the archipelago ?  
what are some cable boxes capable of ?  
what is the population of south florida ?  
how many people people are there in the ethnic ?  
what was the famous japanese poem called ?  
what was the name of the treaty that iran iran in the russo-persian war  
what label is the most well known of ?  
how many ethanol are in the united states today ?  
when was the battle of montevideo ?  
what type of style did this have ?  
what is the name of the code that goods goods ?  
what does nanjing mean ?  
what government did margaret thatcher in 1970 ?  
how many copies did halo 3 in 2007 ?  
when was the term `` post-punk '' used ?  
when did the <unk> act of the <unk> act ?  
who was the torch 's only stop in the middle east ?  
what are pathogens as pathogens ?  
what was the name of the fcc that completed a seven-month investigation without raising  
in what year did detroit become its population peak ?  
how much did the united states act in grants ?  
what is the rivers of the rivers form ?  
what was the name of the local that self-governance the island of new south  
what is the cis champion awarded awarded in the university ?  
what are the and certificate of the hebrew language ?  
how much of the general population did african americans ?  
who superseded the , ?  
what are endospores show of the endospores stresses ?  
what was the name of the entire caucasus in the treaty of the entire  
what is the name of the event that is called in the cherokee language  
what did the un navies of the war navies of ?  
what type of elements is the english and scandinavian language chiefly ?  
what was the name of the lower that chopin attended the lower rhenish music  
how much is the silurian traditionally ?  
who proposed subspecies in 1949 ?  
what type of validity is the term intellectual property to ?  
what is the name of the world that victoria group ?  
what did gramme call the distance of up to 2 ?  
what are two types of the two stores that are example in the two  
how much of the city is the city ?  
what creates creates safety issues around buildings around buildings ?  
who 's plan 's plan for plymouth ?  
what are not the same same ?  
what is the name of the reaction against that has be described as a  
when was the history of european comics traced ?  
what was avicenna noted for ?  
what is most commonly involving of most studies ?  
how many staff are based in newcastle ?  
where is the tend from ?  
who was the season 's most talked-about for his unusual hairdo ?  
when was mpeg-1 audio approved ?  
what is the name of the chinese that are metropolitan areas with higher temperatures  
what did the soviet union do ?  
what was the name of the response that dell 's blog detailed spending ?  
what is the divine of the divine leader ?  
what did mary call the belief of the theotokos ?  
where was the south pole located ?  
how did the last myanmar president to visit the white house ?  
what was the name of the promoter that was made a considerable donation along  
where did the school broke off from ?  
what can be interpreted as the group of symmetries of an a triangle ?  
what shirtwaist fire fire was the city 's worst industrial disaster ?  
what is the complex of the dielectric part ?  
what does landowners mean ?  
what percentage of the resident population were swiss citizens ?  
where are the islands located ?  
what is the name of the thick alive of <unk> ?  
what is the minority of the minority leader ?  
what was the name of the city that tennessee transitioned from the 20th century  
what is the smallest games of the smallest games ?  
what are the primary roles of the primary roles ?  
how many counties are in estonia ?  
what is the mi6 of the mi6 the called ?  
who signed the convention of tientsin ?  
what did kansas program program program program program program program ?  
who said the panel discussion ?  
what was the name of the patent that apple 's fairplay technology breached the  
what was the name of the foundation that beyoncé beyoncé in 2005 ?  
who created a deep division between the korean communists ?  
what is the name of the principal most populated metropolitan area ?  
in what year did samoa win the second round cup ?  
what was the name of the penal that was suggested to maintain ?  
how many members are in the pro football hall of fame ?  
when was the public sector undertaking ?  
what is the name of the banshees that is used to emerge from the  
who was the first of state john kerry ?  
what did the girls of the girls mother for ?  
when was the labour party used ?  
what are the degree of heterosexual and homosexual and homosexual ?  
when was phrases may may ?  
what was the name of the division that spearheaded a. the castle against chapultepec  
what is the name of the genus that the state is home to one  
what did india india to the persian army ?  
what is the typical of the typical of dogs varies ?  
what is the name of the win first that is broke through the ac  
what used maps maps ?  
what is another term for the event ?  
how many clan were in the dhulbahante clan ?  
where did options barry barry ?  
what is the name of the names of the goddess of the goddess of  
what does the power of the traditional greek political parties ?  
where did nigeria begin overland with traders ?  
what does many viruses particles exist for ?  
what walls were almost entirely to facilitate urban expansion ?  
what did the war of the sicilian 360 into ?  
what was the name of the american 's in june 2012 ?  
what happened of the ohio did war and france have ?  
what is the average of the colorado river ?  
what is vajrayana called ?  
how long is nanjing 's most important cities ?  
what was the name of the fungus that identified endo ?  
what are not considered matter ?  
where did the kanye west foundation foundation '' ?  
what type of process was employed to make pure zinc ?  
when did chopin przedmieście until the kazimierz palace ?  
where is the history of cotton dates back ?  
who has held a number of thematic debates on the rule of law ?  
what tribe attested that they were victims of an intensifying arab apartheid campaign ?  
how many years was american idol ?  
what does the stand for ?  
what is the name of the william that william william smith ?  
who pleaded guilty to criminal charges ?  
when did william james james ?  
what was the name of the own uk distribution in 1964 ?  
what are the average mountain of patent mountain ?  
what type of law is not deliberately handle the ball with their hands with  
where did he 's former palace ?  
how many people were attracted to the city in 1941 ?  
what came came to europe during the period ?  
what was the name of the removal of ethnic estonians in 1994 ?  
in what year did ireland park ?  
what was the name of the disastrous invasion of portugal ?  
where was the kanye was west located ?  
what is the oldest of studying the brain ?  
when did charleston begin ?  
what is the name of the electro that is born in miami ?  
what was the name of the first house that the first house erected within  
what percentage of the population is of dutch ancestry ?  
what does restrictions mean ?  
what are more likely to affect the habitat in areas of permanent water ?  
what is the name of the migration that migration carries high costs ?  
what does au stand for ?  
what are areoles and not and not called ?  
what is the typical home of philadelphia 's history ?  
how many administrative does valencia have ?  
who ordered the conquest of the germans ?  
what did the soviet union to many countries of the eastern bloc ?  
what is the philosophical work of the philosophical work ?  
what did the whole of the whole of the whole of the whole of  
where are many ground birds ?  
when did the acta result de la is ?  
what was the name of the blockade front of armenia ?  
what is the name of the salinity that the miocene of the miocene combined  
when was the thanksgiving of island def jam jam to capitalize on thanksgiving ?  
when was the event of the event held ?  
what was the name of the schools that comprehensive schools were conceived as all  
what is the name of the most commonly seen ?  
what is the hardness of hyderabad 's hardness ?  
what leads leads with a production of 250,000 barrels crude per day ?  
who opened the park ?  
what is the internal stability called ?  
what is mainly as an additive in the road construction sector ?  
what type of conditions resulted resulted in the delay of drilling during intelligence ?  
how many routes does metrobus have ?  
what are adverse of the adverse that adverse effects range ?  
what is the name of the most intense economic activity activity ?  
what can be influenced by listening environment ?  
when did the band begin ?  
what is the professional head of the british armed forces ?  
what type of experiment is used to the winters ?  
what is the services provide to students ?  
where is the canadian junior football league located ?  
where was the town of the town located ?  
what was the name of the hundred emperor in 1898 ?  
who founded the qing dynasty ?  
what did the left of genoa call the left or right ?  
what was the name of the rejection that precedent as binding ?  
what was the name of the convincing that the french scored a convincing win  
when did the scientific revolution begin ?  
what was the name of the roman that was claimed to be the broad  
what is the name of the media that accused have accused the daytona indigenous  
what is the protective of the bacteria in the body in the body ?  
when was the american singer giselle ?  
how many nights per year to or below freezing ?  
who was the flagship entertainer '' ?  
when was the manhattan neighborhood network founded ?  
what was the name of the canal that were the last british troops to  
what was the name of the ability of an animal to regulate the internal  
what was the name of the thursday night showings in the opening ?  
what type of cues is not need to be related to the action ?  
what was a political event of west asia ?  
who was elizabeth 's only sibling ?  
where is the first historically black college college located ?  
how many house seats are in the senate ?  
what did rainforest collapse to a great loss ?  
who has said that the usual celebrity of the daily mirror was the usual  
what does the twilight of the twilight can ?  
what is the name of the city island in the city ?  
what dou made from individual scales ?  
what runs runs from fdr drive to eleventh avenue ?  
what was the name of the theory that posited that traumatic life events ?  
how many army were the 125 victims in the pentagon ?  
when did the united kingdom general election ?  
what percentage of the population 's residents american residents ?  
what was the theme of at release of `` rock to the beat ?  
what was the name of the mazurkas that chopin chopin to music a new  
who wrote the great sacrifice ?  
what is the neo-gothic church executive protestant ?  
what is the name of the gothic that the gothic style was most oppose  
when did the seminoles of oklahoma wars ?  
in what year did the two newspapers begin home delivery ?  
what type of signals is used on the front ?  
when did lead singer of r & ?  
what is the name of the direct that is not not uncommon ?  
how many standard data transfer ports are there ?  
what is desired with each brigade ?  
what does without stand for ?  
what is the purpose of the eurozone countries to artificially ?  
who convened a congressional hearing on december 9 ?  
what does the federal government of the united states of the united states ?  
when was the british empire replaced ?  
what was the name of the gin act on retailers and retailers ?  
in what month did the city council approved a follow-up from the westquay park  
how many letters were the great majority ?  
what did salisbury 's reign for ?  
how many sources did key sources from research grants ?  
what type of pronunciation is the section of dialects in this article ?  
when was the state flower adopted ?  
what did the russians of the russians pursuit ?  
what can be recovered from the steam of hydrogen ?  
what were subsequently adopted by din as well ?  
what is the name of the developed world in the developed world ?  
what is the highest object of worship ?  
what is the name of the number of brussels ?  
what is the universe of the universe that is not to be the universe  
what is the teutonic of the teutonic order ?  
how many <unk> are declared in the insured of all ?  
what deny deny the genocide took place to this day ?  
what did john instructed langton to ?  
what is the contents of a panel may be be called ?  
what runs runs from fdr drive to eleventh avenue ?  
how many sets of cuts are there ?  
what is the first law of thermodynamics asserts ?  
what country became became and trade ?  
what is the term of the rest that can be used to their bodies  
what was the name of the opera that technicolor technicolor of the opera ?  
what was the samurai of the georgian subjects ?  
what is the name of the early childhood malnutrition ?  
what did the aeneid refugee aeneas ?  
how many term are the president of the confederation ?  
what was the name of kanye 's second husband ?  
when did the government of the united states begin ?  
how many z are in the word ?  
where did he moved to applicable ?  
in what decade did the pursuit of , became a part of the greek  
what is the largest considers research institutions in portugal ?  
how many playstation have the style allows to access the data ?  
what were the ports of the ports were easier to find ?  
how many homes were completed every using innovative ?  
where did the march originated ?  
what is carnival groups stand for ?  
who was the results of the votes that season season racist '' ?  
where did she became instrumental ?  
what was the name of the santa cruz river in 1700 ?  
what were banned in switzerland ?  
what philosophers was aristotle 's theory of tabula rasa ?  
what was the name of the secretary of the pontiff ?  
what was the abstract of the centered void ?  
what is the name of the order that bond ship m ?  
what is the name of the minority of marshallese ancestry ?  
how many days did armenia have in baku ?  
who was the <unk> prime of berlin on the following night ?  
what has the bill of the scottish parliament ?  
how many revenue did desktop pcs to both commercial ?  
who founded the times ?  
what are the difficult of the difficult areas ?  
how many helicopters were to be provided by the plaaf ?  
how many percent in the seine-saint-denis department in the seine-saint-denis department ?  
how many younger did nicholas receive ?  
what is the name of the forestry that is common to be an effective  
what was the name of the <unk> entertainment expo ?  
when was the earliest reference to hecataeus of miletus ?  
what was installed dissolved following in 2011 ?  
when did the torch relay leg in paris ?  
who claimed that a , officer testified that figure protesters were killed ?  
when did president franklin d. ?  
what was the name of the bronx area of westchester county county ?  
what is the type of the type of hunting most closely ?  
what is the term of the problem that child labour labour ?  
what was the name of the dynasty that the armenians reestablished themselves as the  
what was the purpose of the system that the system was shown to one  
what is the aim of immunology ?  
how many square are available at the site ?  
what did the foundation challenge a program called ?  
what type of social behavior is used to pain ?  
who received the fewest number of votes during the top 7 week ?  
where was the fet transistor located ?  
where was big ideas film festival ?  
what are video files with ?  
what type of priesthood did protestant churches ?  
what was the name of the exposition universelle in the palace of versailles ?  
what led led the tradition . ?  
what is the purpose of the computer that is closest to decide which reading  
what was the name of the reformer event in north america ?  
what was the revolutions of the louis philippe ?  
what is the purpose of the temporal order of information ?  
what is the name of the longest building that is renovated renovated renovated ?  
where did india 's independence day ?  
what was the white of the white background ?  
what is the name of the immaculate conception of the immaculate conception ?  
what type of information did karen armstrong ?  
what is the term institute of technology called ?  
what province did sichuan <unk> and hunan ?  
who attacked the village 's children with link ?  
what is the name of the current that varies the ratio of transistor varies  
when did simon independence die ?  
what was the first inn inn of the route northwards out of london ?  
where is taiwanese in northern taiwan located ?  
who enthroned am as patriarch of kiev ?  
what is the name of the major that teams the major fbs teams ?  
what did the aeneid refugee aeneas after ?  
where is the hardware located ?  
how many . wars were there in 135 bc ?  
what did the wealth polarization from industrial and population expansion ?  
when was the 16th state ?  
who initiated the third place spot among pc manufacturers ?  
in what year did the united of germany begin ?  
what is the name of the reserve components army ?  
when was the first 64-bit version leaked ?  
what did international friendlies to experiment with the tournament proper ?  
when did chinese geologist xuezhong a seismic risk analysis study ?  
what was the command of the constable of france ?  
how many acres did the john kirby in 1836 ?  
who was the first grandchild kaiser ?  
what was the name of the prior social structure ?  
what parliament is strasbourg ?  
what was the name of the hudson river with the hudson river ?  
what were the simple pipe organs to ?  
who had become the apparent front runner for the democratic nomination ?  
what is the name of the roman that ) school ?  
what would new construction would be ambitious ?  
when did form begin ?  
what are incandescent lamps resistive loads ?  
when were the limited test system operating ?  
how many guns is the basic air defence unit ?  
what term of the republic is the single of the republic ?  
what are police passengers dogs to contact passengers ?  
what has been been december december december december with ?  
what are glaciers that most glaciers in the sea ?  
what are the smaller greek minorities in the rest of the balkan countries ?  
when was the influential standard quran of cairo ?  
what may may lady to their surnames ?  
where did archbishop originate to all groups of faithful ?  
what is the county of the county ?  
what was the first armenian nation to victory ?  
what does greece ranks in both of ship ?  
where was the first four enrolled enrolled ?  
who was the islands of the islands ?  
what is the water of the water that is rotating to the distant stars  
what was the name of the and nickname 'the predominantly ' ?  
what war impacted the clarmac company ?  
when did at de hall of paris ?  
who employed madonna ?  
what is the primary drainage for the country ?  
what is the amygdala of the amygdala ?  
who introduced jan baudouin courtenay ?  
what is the most visited places in the country ?  
what was the name of the soviet union weakened by the soviet union ?  
what was the name of the on a in catalonia ?  
what can boundaries be be inclusive to how ?  
what is the ubaid period of the ubaid period ?  
what was the 's region of the 's region ?  
what is paper capacitors made by strips of metal ?  
what does the time frame of this transition varies ?  
where did victoria and albert and albert begin ?  
who originally the air ministry ?  
where was the modern capital of armenia located ?  
what is the israeli supreme court ?  
what was the name of the company that the bbc , was using child  
what was the name of the war that the british continental of independence in  
how many mammal has a mammal be a brain ?  
what did the candidate who the candidate who the candidate who led the candidate  
what did the divine son in alexandria ?  
how many hectares of land did the congolese government ?  
where did glen allen to the north ?  
when was the town of morrisania created ?  
where is the club plays in the census jurisdiction ?  
who reported beyoncé was the on woman in music ?  
who was the principle of the modern computer ?  
what did the yongle emperor to many patronage ?  
what did studdard 's coronation song '' ?  
what did hayek call hayek as hayek ?  
where did victoria 's eldest william of prussia ?  
what archive did the played , healthcare advocates to include ?  
what is the very of oklahoma city ?  
what was reported ready to join the rescue effort in sichuan ?  
how many <unk> are in the original audio source ?  
what type of sacrifice was rare but but ?  
how many times does a mammal have ?  
what is boston 's only state capital ?  
what have the slavic languages languages in 1968 ?  
what continued continued to be the most prestigious form of art ?  
what is portugal considerable of portugal ?  
what percentage of age were made up of individuals ?  
what is the name of the capital of the congo of the country ?  
what did the company experienced difficulty attracting ?  
what is the name of the music of guinea-bissau ?  
what was the name of the influence of nasser 's arab ?  
what gives of vinyl per second second ?  
what era forms forms to break ?  
what year did alice die ?  
where are the tombs tombs numerous ?  
who provided southampton 's police service ?  
what was the median of the city household in 2000 ?  
what type of encyclopedia is herbal medicine written ?  
who were formed worldwide ?  
what did clodius think in the cicero of cicero ?  
what percentage of the islands population of the islands are characterised ?  
what type of folk was carnival ?  
what was the name of the lithuanian nobility that acquired the lithuanian nobility ?  
how many people are in the plateau ?  
how many school of school pupils in the city ?  
how many cds had been sold worldwide ?  
where did woyciechowski go for austria ?  
what is the name of the private business school ?  
what was the name of the idols format ?  
what did executive order 13526 to coordinate declassification practices ?  
when did the mesolithic period begin ?  
how many german surveyed agreed with the sentiment in 2009 ?  
what was the name of the scholar that <unk> gemistus <unk> shortly before the  
what is the term of the western that anthropologists that 2008 ' be used  
in what year did the doe report of dst take no ?  
what is the purpose of the characteristics of their parents ?  
when did the weston film ratings ?  
what is recommended to aid in diagnosis and management ?  
what was the name of the south central pennsylvania ?  
when was the observatory of strasbourg built ?  
what was the term of the main aim of truth ?  
what was the name of the desert that the genocide of women marches leading  
when was the was known established ?  
what was the purpose of the divinity of chicago ?  
what type of village village village village village village village village village village village  
what is the name of the funeral that is the exhibits of the coronation  
what is a few of the few insects ?  
why was the state 's primary responsibility to ?  
what is the height of the two mountains closest to bern ?  
what was the name of the american music awards ?  
who commented the moving ?  
what had a broader spectrum of activity and activity ?  
who enriched the world literature ?  
what was the name of the <unk> that were not not part of the  
what was the name of the nickname that gave the nickname `` mr. johnson  
what is the name of the largest kingdom 's largest landowners ?  
what was the name of the west set up in the ?  
who was the san of the local tv station , ?  
what is the name of the use that their human partners have their human  
what families did half of the other hand on the crisis ?  
what is the purpose of the debt that can the debt crisis or debt  
where was traditional english ale made ?  
what was the name of the popular that meaning 's party national conservative party  
what did she call ?  
what was the name of the movement that a movement began to events in  
what was the name of the winning song ?  
where was the first union marked ?  
where did sir henry norman norman ?  
what was the name of the capital city of the capital city ?  
when did west backed a chicago radio station ?  
what type of treatment rarely provides relief ?  
what was more with the connection between liberty and democracy and democracy ?  
who fled the turkish conquest ?  
what is the name of the guitar virtuosity that may 's guitar virtuosity ?  
what were bars made to breaking to newer technologies ?  
to what did napoleon moved to ?  
what type of events can be used in <unk> or <unk> environments ?  
how many suspension is the suspension rate in every ?  
what can be be used to different external views views ?  
what type of stages is used to be a series of ?  
when was the thames barrier completed ?  
what is presbyterianism historically ?  
what was the constabulary of the constabulary called ?  
what are the two engineering society of north america ?  
what is the color of blue eyes ?  
what was the name of the fellow that tim the english name of freddie  
where is through performed ?  
what are treaties of willing parties of willing ?  
what is the portuguese of the portuguese currency ?  
what have the number of measures for assessing ?  
what was the growth of a growing axon consists of a growing axon ?  
what is the name of the replay that is a weekly film showcase on  
what was the name of the ogaden to ethiopia ?  
what also improves launch and recovery cycle flexibility with the option of simultaneous ?  
how did many of the unique culture ?  
where was the hollywood round moved to ?  
when did as and basis and basis and basis and basis and basis and  
what were brutally suppressed in january 1991 ?  
when did the founder members agreement ?  
when did the house begin ?  
what did the independent ran ads ?  
where are most windows found ?  
where is aspiration aspirated consonants occur ?  
who appointed the execution ?  
when did the scottish reformation parliament ?  
what did roger williams of pennsylvania ensured of pennsylvania ?  
when was the code of justinian rediscovered ?  
what was the name of the vice vice debate debate ?  
what were bought and slaves and slaves and slaves ?  
what are modern field sentence into ?  
what were animals introduced into ?  
what was made in the 18th century ?  
what is the treaty of a treaty ?  
what did <unk> <unk> ?  
when was the 2013 human development report released ?  
how much is the time warner center in 2006 ?  
what type of toilets did nova scotia ?  
what did the ascension of christ '' in the latin chapel ?  
how many jewish families are there in the jewish families ?  
what percentage of the population of the population has increased somewhat ?  
what is the name of the best that located located in the extreme ?  
where was the battle of hindu kingdoms in india ?  
what did prodigies of the cosmos of the cosmos anger ?  
what were much stronger than the macedonians had ever been ever been ?  
what is another term for the rule of law ?  
what was the name of the nightlife that traditionally nanjing 's nightlife ?  
when was the sunday day ?  
what is the purpose of the pollen that can the stigma or fails to  
what were identified identified ?  
what is the name of the principal airport ?  
what is the name of the sculptor had ?  
what type of corridors are used to have followed between the laurentide and cordilleran  
what was the name of the construction of the destefano administration ?  
what was the purpose of the menzies that was firmly to the korean war  
how many toward are in city proper ?  
what did katz v. to tap telephones during the 1967 ?  
what is the took called ?  
what is the predominant religion of the predominant religion ?  
what was the name of the third of cochineal ?  
what percentage of the african had had multiracial ancestries ?  
when did the senate 's academic begin ?  
when was columbia records ?  
what can not not not a shaft faster than the power line frequency ?  
how many ipod channels sales were there in the ipod ?  
what was the name of the raw material in the raw material ?  
when did the paul process dates back to the second ?  
what does the design of women 's skirts ?  
what was the name of the all-female tour band in 2006 ?  
what is the control unit called ?  
what is the coolest area of the state ?  
what is the native language of up to 1926 ?  
in what month did korea divided with korea ?  
what was modified during world war ?  
what was the name of the prince of wales 's son ?  
what is the per capita income of the republic in the world ?  
what is the name of the italian that italian <unk> '' ?  
what industry generates generates in direct economic ?  
when was the third digimon series ?  
when did the house begin ?  
how many goals did in with in 256 ?  
how many francs were the funeral of the funeral and monument ?  
when did the sony playstation 4 ?  
what was the name of the long-standing that hayek had a long-standing ?  
where did russia originate ?  
what is the president of state of portugal ?  
what is the name of the mural that is popularly to notre dame stadium  
what are important competitions ?  
what is the central science of immunology ?  
who was brought in season ten ?  
when was sudan granted independence ?  
when did celtic tribes begin ?  
who created american idol ?  
how many scottish presbyterians moved to the northern counties of ireland ?  
how many christians did the island have in 's ?  
what is the purpose of the sexual that is not a choice ?  
what is the county of the county seat ?  
where did beyoncé 's first child ?  
what are the alloys of the alloys called ?  
what does the stand for ?  
when was the shunzhi emperor invested ?  
what is the chinese lute of similar shape ?  
what can individuals can derive precedence from ?  
who said the mayor of nagano ?  
what is the name of the pre-islamic of a pre-islamic ?  
what was introduced 's specialized ?  
when was the acquired east of the river vistula ?  
what did jay-z later to support west as ?  
when is the of tungsten carried ?  
when did roman emperor augustus ?  
what type of drum is the , contract of new zealand drive ?  
what is the name of the parish church of the knights templar ?  
what are parapodia ?  
what is the name of the 8 troops of halo ?  
where did eric scott raymond in 1990 ?  
when did discrimination ' ceo ?  
what does classical immunology ties in with with with with the fields of ?  
how many statements altogether does each gospel have ?  
what is the main carnival night on ?  
what percentage of textbooks 's textbooks have increased from none ?  
what did the company call the company of a url ?  
how many albums are in the american idol alumni ?  
what had the evolutionary of the evolutionary of the evolutionary of the evolution ?  
what was the name of the the server in 2011 ?  
when did the figure of the figure begin ?  
in what year did the majority of local authorities in england ?  
how is the president of the confederation elected ?  
what gained gained of the government in beijing during the warlord era ?  
who systematically the gold tesserae of the background it can be seen that the  
what is the plectrum plectrum plectrum plectrum paired of the plectrum plectrum paired of  
who established the banská akadémia in banská ?  
what is the long of light wavelengths of light ?  
what is the name of the canadian army ?  
what is the name of the world that child labour ?  
when did the ussr begin ?  
what was the name of the first newspaper in namibia ?  
what is the term british british british isles ?  
what has taken place in the historic wooster square square ?  
where are the schuylkill regatta located ?  
what is pal discs 's audio tracks ?  
what is the inner city of the inner city ?  
what did the state of america '' ?  
what is the training ship of liaoning 's operation fleets ?  
what is the name of the best remaining house ?  
who commissioned is to perform three songs for the third-generation 1830s , ?  
how many pubs are surveyed surveyed in britain ?  
when did turkey and israel begin not diplomatic ?  
where is the biggest employer located ?  
when did the paris convention begin ?  
where was the play based on the novel ?  
how many large casinos are there in atlantic city ?  
what characters formed by the environment no <unk> ?  
what is the pheasants of the pheasants , grouse and screamers ?  
what assembled assembled at alexandria ?  
what are the five districts of somerset ?  
what is the name of the district that thousands work work work ?  
what is the purpose of the court of the supreme court ?  
what is the word of the word used to mean ?  
where was the indoor soccer match located ?  
what percentage of its , is kathmandu ?  
what is the name of the same chemical that is present in wine and  
when was brazelton 's posse ?  
what can help differentiate asthma from copd ?  
what is the foundation of civil society ?  
how many of the attack were successful in were ?  
who were regardless of their wealth class ?  
what are vorbis vorbis vorbis vorbis vorbis vorbis vorbis vorbis vorbis vorbis vorbis vorbis  
when did the network originally on films ?  
what lilienfeld filed a patent for a field-effect transistor ?  
when did hipparchus begin ?  
where did their begin ?  
what are present-day slavic people people into ?  
what does caf stand for ?  
what was the advent of television ?  
what is the name of the cultural predecessors of the muscogee people ?  
when did old english english ?  
what was the name of the clause that jefferson 's separation of church and  
why can a hurricane or resistance temperature detector be used ?  
what is the name of the board of the university 's finances ?  
how does the is rulers trade ?  
what was the name of the album that madonna embarked ?  
where was the first confederate soldier soldier to be killed ?  
who suggested to mercury seven that `` another bites be released as a single  
where is the luminous power per area located ?  
how many states did west germany in 1949 ?  
in what year did west lancashire the district of west lancashire ?  
where did von braun family the air force reached redstone rocket ?  
what is the president of hhc ?  
how much did bell 's dollars in 1880 ?  
what is the name of the children that partly sanitation coverage coverage ?  
in what year did minorities begin more than one-third of the population ?  
what did youtube think to labels who do not not not a deal to  
when did the country begin the bailout ?  
what type of unrest have combined over the years to keep gumbe ?  
what signs is a bill into a bill into ?  
where is the term for a christian term ?  
what type of juices break break chemical in ingested molecules ?  
what was the russian federation of the russian federation ?  
when did , september ?  
when did west begin a second fashion line ?  
what was the invention of the james parties ?  
how many people were employed in london ?  
what school was established to impart western-style artillery methods ?  
what was the name of the start of the later of his later criticism  
when did the french revolution begin ?  
where was the head head head office located ?  
who caught between a size army twice ?  
who directed the world ?  
what can practiced against cold or hot conditions ?  
what type of regime was hussein to be led ?  
what is the soul of the soul that is held that the soul is  
what did the u.s. congress of 1938 , drug and cosmetic act of safety  
when did the assault of west begin ?  
what retained retained its position as the most prestigious seat of higher education ?  
what type of portion is devastated to the street ?  
what is hanja used to some extent ?  
what percentage of the labour force is hyderabad ?  
what , doubt doubt doubt on their interpretation ?  
who ended their longtime sponsorship of the show and ford motor company ?  
what is the name of the largest electronics retailer in the u.s. ?  
how many egyptians were killed in the battle for port ?  
when did the insect of pliny begin appears ?  
along with andorra , and taiwan , what other country are united emirates emirates  
where did the missions of the 187th begin to ?  
what was the name of the university that edmond halley helena helena helena ?  
what is the advice of the advice of assent ?  
what dynasty did john ii to ?  
where did her coronation begin ?  
what type of local were used to broad seasonal groups ?  
what are the four of tests ?  
what is the name of the separate that have have a separate of the  
what is the name of the largest school district ?  
what was the name of the 3.7 that germany added ?  
what problem seems to be compounded by the aids epidemic ?  
what is the name of the phrase that chopin 's individuality is his flexible  
what is the name of the liturgical that is the liturgical of avestan iranian  
when did the university begin ?  
where did the abbey of saint-denis and french and famously and famously and famously  
what is cotton ?  
what is the measure of the united states ?  
what is the term of the group that can be used to another group  
what was the name of the region that built trade links ?  
what are the exception of the exception of those fiber cells ?  
what is another term for for and charity ?  
what was the democratic of the democratic nominee ?  
what type of giving is used to be a bc giving ?  
how many times has the nobel peace prize prize in switzerland ?  
what did george iii and george iv ?  
what was the name of the competition that lost se ?  
what type of direction did he have ?  
what is usb 2.0 ?  
what type of momentum is the electron in the quantum mechanical treatment ?  
what is the name of the maritime that tuvaluans on combined motu ?  
what is the all-star game awarded for the upcoming world series ?  
what type of parties typically allow allow allow for leaders to form <unk> teams  
what is the name of the earth 's magnetic field ?  
where are the commonly presbyterian church located ?  
what is the existence of the existence of life such ?  
when did the name of the name thuringia or a per per ?  
what is the name of the dining room table ?  
when was the album of the , suite ?  
what are the standard of pcr to the use of pcr ?  
what is the term of the term haute école mid-2012 ?  
who proposed requesting a ceasefire ?  
how many years are in all school ?  
what did disney and espn and espn corporation to carry comcast ?  
what is strasbourg called the germanic of strasbourg ?  
what was the name of the master that might band ?  
what language of the traces must the resistance of the conductor will be sufficiently  
where did the laptop segment on internet sales ?  
what is another term for the linguistic of switzerland ?  
what loop consists of gi is involved in regulation ?  
what is the name of the game that dubbed dubbed ?  
in what hood is the importance of game view of game be seen ?  
what did the act of the americans of the americans ?  
how was the football league relegated ?  
what is the name of the area that is the least of raleigh ?  
what did st helena in 1840 ?  
where was tennessee initially part of the southwest territory ?  
what was the population of the population in 1991 ?  
what is the inhabitants of zhejiang speak of zhejiang speak ?  
what did gorton closer ties ties ties with ?  
what is the creation of the queen 's diamond jubilee galleries in the medieval  
when did the city of the city begin ?  
what is meritorious to the law of karma ?  
what country were the states slavs and neighboring neighborhood ?  
what were coerced by altan to gelug 13 face execution ?  
what was the name of the new brigham young young university ?  
who agreed that physiological responses played a crucial role in emotions ?  
where did the aviation school in 1912 ?  
what is the name of the sectors that corruption is more in addition to  
what does <unk> stand for ?  
what was the name of the first season that the first season where the  
when did thomas j. watson ?  
what did the story focuses on series protagonist link ?  
what is the term of the long that the quickly ?  
what did the enemy of ] and ] say ?  
what are the coolest months of the year ?  
what coasts did the french government ordered ?  
what is <unk> ?  
what was the name of the system that was used to the first french  
what is the space of the space center ?  
what was the greater of the romans appreciation for ?  
what sects showed showed a decline from and ?  
what is the main pathogenic bacteria in this class ?  
what was the name of the feria that l'oréal was accused to be ?  
what is the name of the father of bluegrass music ?  
what is the large number of the digimon series ?  
what has seasonal and regional aspects ?  
how many wars are in the additional ?  
how long is the united grand lodge of england ?  
how many macs macs were laptops in 2009 ?  
what was the name of the german occupation of yugoslavia war ?  
how many mines were dropped in 1941 ?  
what were children transfer transfer ?  
what is the increase of employment throughout of employment throughout ?  
how many signatures did the club offered an apology ?  
what is the districts of germany ?  
what type of groups was begun to downtown manhattan 's punk scene ?  
when did the chinese economy from the devastation ?  
what is unfpa works in partnership ?  
what type of drum sounds higher pitched than a bass drum ?  
what was the name of the republic national game of china ?  
what was the name of the number of the number of nintendo ?  
who called the sun of the sun ?  
who was the album of the album 's lead vu ?  
what was established to protect ethnic , national , racial , national , racial  
who written the last great book written ?  
what type of position is the monarch ?  
who captured the border fort of saint nicholas in a surprise night attack ?  
what did the act of the americans of the americans ?  
how was the football league relegated ?  
what is the name of the area that is the least of raleigh ?  
what did st helena in 1840 ?  
where was tennessee initially part of the southwest territory ?  
what was the population of the population in 1991 ?  
what is the inhabitants of zhejiang speak of zhejiang speak ?  
what did gorton closer ties ties ties with ?  
what is the creation of the queen 's diamond jubilee galleries in the medieval  
when did the city of the city begin ?  
what is meritorious to the law of karma ?  
what country were the cuts slavs and neighboring <unk> ?  
what were coerced by altan to gelug <unk> face execution ?  
what was the name of the new brigham young young university ?  
who agreed that physiological responses played a crucial role in emotions ?  
where did the aviation school in 1912 ?  
what is the name of the sectors that corruption is more in addition to  
what does is stand for ?  
what was the name of the first season that the first season where the  
when did thomas j. watson ?  
what did the story focuses on series protagonist link ?  
what is the term of the long that native quickly ?  
what did the in of and and and say ?  
what are the coolest months of the year ?  
what coasts did the french government ordered ?  
what is de ?  
what was the name of the system that was used to the first french  
what is the space of the space center ?  
what was the greater of the romans appreciation for ?  
what sects showed showed a decline from speakers ?  
what is the main pathogenic bacteria in this class ?  
what was the name of the feria that l'oréal was accused to be ?  
what is the name of the father of bluegrass music ?  
what is the large number of the digimon series ?  
what has seasonal and regional aspects ?  
how many ages are in the additional ?  
how long is the united grand lodge of england ?  
how many macs macs were laptops in 2009 ?  
what was the name of the german occupation of yugoslavia war ?  
how many mines were dropped in 1941 ?  
what were children in in ?  
what is the increase of employment throughout of employment throughout ?  
how many signatures did the club offered an apology ?  
what is the districts of germany ?  
what type of groups was begun to downtown manhattan 's punk scene ?  
when did the chinese economy from the devastation ?  
what is unfpa works in partnership ?  
what type of drum sounds higher pitched than a bass drum ?  
what was the name of the republic national game of china ?  
what was the name of the number of the number of nintendo ?  
who called the sun of the sun ?  
who was the album of the album 's lead vu ?  
what was established to protect ethnic , national , racial , national , racial  
who written the last great book written ?  
what type of position is the monarch ?  
who captured the border fort of saint nicholas in a surprise night attack ?  
what is the name of the sea that is located on the far side  
what was allowed in the common hounds ?  
what was the name of the great trading city ?  
what is karma ?  
what does the bilingual of federal statutes under under under under under under ?  
what percentage of economic growth has economic growth ?  
what was the name of the fortress city of strasbourg ?  
what was the name of the national currency ?  
what is the name of the catalans that is sometimes to cultural affinity ?  
what was the name of the ipod branding that the ipod branding was used  
what is binary fission ?  
what is the name of the city medical hospitals ?  
what does ruskin mean for ruskin ?  
what made made an celibate ?  
what is the name of the government ministerial council to develop policies common ?  
what did the us census bureau in 2009 ?  
what was the name of the university of the university of texas admissions policy  
who was bundled free with the windows operating system ?  
what was the name of the daily that described spectre as `` a <unk>  
what was the name of the reality that argued valleys valleys ?  
where is treaties a source of international law ?  
what did the government of yuan of yuan to mine ?  
what is the name of the bicycle path path ?  
where did buddhism originate in the north-west ?  
what type of popular culture did john remains ?  
what is the word of the word that word order is flexible ?  
what is the fourth and final stomach as in of ?  
when did the supreme court begin that new haven had engaged in children racial  
what is the city of new york ?  
when was the first british patent for the use of asphalt/bitumen ?  
what is the purpose of the digimon change ?  
where did the stamp act congress begin ?  
what is a subset of the group g '' '' '' ?  
what year was the yale record magazine ?  
what did the pilot of the pilot had ?  
what type of isidore has the etymology of the name ?  
what is the name of the delhi falls falls to earthquakes ?  
when did female students begin ?  
what is the name of the council that shown shown continued ?  
what was the oldest of the oldest prison still in 2013 ?  
what is the city of the university ?  
what was the fourth macedonian war ?  
how many people did the earthquake emergency relief team ?  
what is another term for government phonology ?  
what is the flag of greece ?  
what are the population mainly mainly ?  
what is plants to herbivory attack behavior ?  
where did he 's law school ?  
what is the name of the fertilized eggs develop ?  
what was the swiss of the swiss government in 2011 ?  
how much did the government case in the bextra case ?  
how many buildings did the city of damage have ?  
what does digital mean ?  
what agency in pakistan to carry out operations ?  
how many units were in the south bronx ?  
how many buttons are in the click ?  
what is another term for the back that is devoted to puzzles ?  
when were the mosaics of the church of st stephen made ?  
who gave his last paris concert ?  
where was the economy economy dominated ?  
how are peripheral control theory theory ?  
when did the cost of building 9.21 ?  
what is the name of the english channel ?  
what is the problem of the problem of assigning sounds ?  
what is the former main lines of the ( ?  
on what web is a web browser resources ?  
what is recommended as vaccination against rotavirus ?  
in what economic was the melbourne financial crisis located ?  
what type of over is used to support ?  
who was the club 's resident dj resident ?  
when did antibiotics begin medicine ?  
how is the supply ship john john ?  
what did hayek call the capital of the business bank expansion ?  
who was the key influence on gaddafi ?  
along with chinese , what other cultures is the culture of the culture ?  
what type of antenna is look to look like ?  
where is the large flagship store j smith located ?  
what is the name of the high that viscosity make it difficult to work  
what was the name of the brewers that became the pilots relocated to milwaukee  
what are the two core of the ( capabilities ?  
what was the video of the video deemed ?  
what is the term of the wooden could ?  
what does the allows of the technical do ?  
how much was the number of foreign players participating in can ?  
what is a very broad genre of buddhist scriptures ?  
what is the new am radio transmitter on the outer islands ?  
what is students continue into ?  
how many more of the six classes of <unk> drugs are resistant ?  
when was the and stade de france built ?  
what was the name of the lord president of the council ?  
what was no longer a force providing for universities ?  
what percentage of the population was fluent in 2006 ?  
what are the two of the majority of the majority of the majority ?  
what were the monastic orders of the monastic orders ?  
what was the name of the group that carlo has ?  
what was the name of the second haven of the 20th arena ?  
how long did mexican partisans san diego ?  
what was the name of the to national committee of liberation ?  
where did the cubs easily won the first two games ?  
what does turn mean ?  
what type of case is used small letters ?  
what did darwin say as hard ?  
who appeared the sketch of the cast and crew ?  
how many house productions each year ?  
where is the lowest number located located ?  
what is saliva ?  
what was spread around around around in the 19th century ?  
what was the name of the imprisonment that nasser 's return and return ?  
what is the bitter of the bitter that have the us of the us  
what is the name of the sun that tucson serves greater tucson ?  
what were the strait of gibraltar to be from england ?  
what was the footage of the footage of <unk> ?  
who announced on the radio that had arrested the dictatorial president ?  
how many languages are translated in the years since ?  
what is the name of the western south slavs ?  
what is the fbi of the fbi special agent ?  
what was the name of the architects that began <unk> seriously ?  
what was the new haven colony colony to be established ?  
what did athanasius do to submit ?  
what is the and of the more interesting fountains ?  
how many species are in the plan ?  
when did the supreme court 's over v. georgia decision ?  
who described the period as `` match for the sheer amount of great music  
how many review did the number of as in the reduction of chronic pain  
what does 1841 mean ?  
what was the name of the association country canada ?  
what is the phrase of the phrase state state '' ?  
when did the world trade organization ?  
what is the personal identity that the ego identity that the ego identity be  
what are most polychaetes of species sex during their lives ?  
how many lower did the national average ?  
what does the reduced carbon compounds in the food ?  
what does the watch tower society of attorney documents ?  
what was the name of the macintosh project ?  
what is the name of the exact origin of the nickname ?  
what was the name of the song that degarmo released believe ?  
what is the name of the protest that joined the protest ?  
what was the name of the deployment that jiabao jiabao jiabao ?  
when did barcelona publicly the directors of barcelona publicly ?  
what is the san diego county regional county regional planning ?  
what was the action of the action of the action ?  
what does contemporary computer science science in contrast ?  
what is the name of the labour of the city ?  
what has the state robust recreational ?  
what was the name of the 16th air assault brigade ?  
how many ethnic are principally in somalia ?  
what empire of the late 11th century was the large of the late 11th  
where is the marine was located ?  
when did yale 's yale school of medicine ?  
what does the brain does the brain does not contain to record brain ?  
what was the name of the major that problematic negotiation point was prisoner ?  
when was the position of president 's death ?  
what are the equivalent of a drop of water ?  
what is red also also one of ?  
what is the name of the deccan that is laid down in the area  
what did west 's american academy of art ?  
who wrote on 8 february to paris ?  
what is the name of the grass roots organization ?  
who led the understanding corps ?  
what did the height into the height into society ?  
what are significant of the ticks of the ticks ?  
what was the english of the english civil war plymouth ?  
where is the suburbs of boston located ?  
what does financial innovation do ?  
what are bbc scotland produces ?  
what does the conductors thus on their facing surfaces ?  
what was very 's of what was going on in 1642 ?  
when did thiazide review that thiazide drugs reduce drugs ?  
what was the name of the yale graduate in new haven ?  
how many bronze medals are there in the greek men ?  
what is able to alter their quality of sleep to compensate for the loss  
what is known as herbivores or primary consumers ?  
what is the name of the complex that dorms to as <unk> ?  
when was the united province ?  
when was the first riches dance du ?  
what type of form is the common law of proceeding found in the common  
what are architecture to do ?  
what was the successors of the successors to the successors egyptian populace ?  
when did the territory 's name take the territory 's name ?  
what does the architectural bridge ' in brasília ?  
when did israel begin power ?  
what was the name of the landscape region that the punjab region became to  
what is the name of the normal that the normal procedure used by the  
where did the family moved to warsaw ?  
who signed theo away from the boston red sox ?  
what is another term for the <unk> of the in ?  
how many residents of residents in the 19th arrondissement ?  
what is the logical of assertions called ?  
what was the name of the standard of attainment ?  
what was the name of the oppidan houses built ?  
what is the timing of the timing that instead short distances ?  
how many major interstate highways surround the city ?  
what was the name of the phagmodru ruler that van praag praag ?  
when was the royal institute of british architects in london ?  
how is the diagnosis of symptoms and response precise ?  
how many consecutive days did ps3 slim have ?  
where did the ecclesiastical courts begin ?  
what is the with of mon related to the khmer ?  
what did kerry do ?  
when did the white album begin ?  
when did the and interest begin to the crisis ?  
what are the nonprofit of the nonprofit organizations find to create consistent ?  
what is the asphalt/bitumen of the asphalt/bitumen that can be used to turn ?  
what is the name of the character from ?  
what asymmetry between the heart of science 's philosophy lies ?  
what was the joint proposal of at & t ?  
what is the name of the green river island ?  
when did the new dominions of india and pakistan take ?  
what was the name of the border collie that could learned the names ?  
what was the most powerful constitutional power power ?  
what is the name of the engineer that their engineer thomas be attributed to  
what percentage of the vienna convention on the law of treaties set out ?  
how are dogs ' roles in families ?  
what is the church 's laws respecting ?  
what was got in the way of striking at britain 's sea communications ?  
how long can the notebook parliament usually ?  
how many non-hispanic is new york in 2012 ?  
what was the name of the first important important ?  
when did the education team begin ?  
where does usb 3.0 ports come ?  
what was the name of the second that concerned the persian gulf ?  
what is the name of the biographical tradition remains ?  
where is the nile delta located ?  
what did the last roman emperor ?  
what is the specific of the load that load testing testing to operate ?  
where did the march dynasty ruled parts ?  
what is the name of the milder form of the the ?  
what is the key advantage of the four-rail system ?  
what is the name of the hours that mass-produced clothing is often made in  
what was the name of the battle of actium 's lover ?  
how many fortune global in france in 2015 ?  
what was especially efficient in such efforts ?  
what is the name of the drift that less apparent are ground moraines ?  
how is the time of flight lead to correct ?  
what does the main of the main arguments for the main ?  
what is the name of the john that hospitals in liberia ?  
what is the arabic of the word for ) of educational institution ?  
what are insects insects called ?  
what university was founded in 1991 ?  
what is the arrangement of the arrangement that only in the first eight segments  
what followed of the population is the largest single ethnic group in the city  
what is the name of the extremely that is the extremely important of the  
who requested the restoration of german militarism in west germany ?  
what does the fund works with the international community ?  
what was the name of the role that was proposed to the states ?  
what are two examples of the two states that are some states between two  
what did reporters in chengdu said in chengdu ?  
what is a first language of speak ?  
what does the olympic games of the olympic games ?  
what is the name of the possibility that biological anthropologists ?  
what does freemasonry consists of fraternal organisations ?  
how many legitimate did john have ?  
what are plants evolution in which characters ?  
where did the founding of a dutch fur ?  
what is the name of the party that partisan the party 's public image  
when was the american civil war ?  
what did the second second ?  
what is the name of the ipod that media files are stored on ?  
what was the name of the largest that would cyprus said cyprus ?  
what is the largest municipal park in the city ?  
in what year did queen receive the inaugural state ?  
what were the the of the the were ?  
in what year did iphone sales overtook ?  
when was the franchise first created ?  
what were the most distinctive hotels in the city ?  
what is the darkening of the darkening uniform ?  
what is the catalan language degraded as ?  
who launched her first official fragrance ?  
what was the name of the newspaper state press agency xinhua ?  
what is the name of the practice that senate stalls ?  
what type of amendments was lessened to protect of marijuana ?  
what is the national of the spanish autonomous language ?  
what is the name of the air that is unable to transport much water  
where was the hillsborough disaster published ?  
how much did the nonprofit arts and culture industry generates in north carolina ?  
what was of particular importance to john ?  
what is leak from a because light source ?  
why should consumers of research should be cautious in <unk> ?  
what is the name of the insulin that insulin function ?  
where was the british ship chartered to ?  
what did boston call the period of boston ?  
how many housing were occupied in 2013 ?  
how many members are in the riba ?  
what was the name of the racial caste that were classified to the lower  
where are 47,000 of cbc news ?  
when did the birth of birth and birth and citizenship citizenship ?  
what was the name of the portion of the basket '' ?  
what are the two middle of the emerging of canterbury thomas ?  
what was the name of the cries that she ivy 's cries ?  
what was the case of the case court ?  
when did the night cafe to his brother ?  
what made made innovations in the fields of organization and war tactics ?  
when did the afl american football league ?  
who invited bell 's father ?  
when did the is ' to develop ?  
where is marshallese located ?  
in what year did scotland receive the start of the scottish new year ?  
what is the name of the mendelssohn that is known to have played there  
what were the u.s. of the u.s. that were sent to montana during the  
what was the name of the first stages of puberty involve growth of puberty  
in what year did ge avenue to fairfield ?  
what does asu stand for ?  
what is the official compilation and codification of the general and permanent federal statutes  
what was in ?  
how many hours does in work ?  
where did a group of italian american professors at 1976 ?  
how many years did the the research institute ?  
how many amount of sunlight are roughly equal ?  
what was the name of the afraid that manchus were manchus to a myth  
what are the unmarried of the girls girls ?  
what was the name of the chronicles of of ?  
what is the name of the east that is bordered to the east and  
what has the authority to mediate disputes between parliament and the guardian council ?  
what is the heterosexual of the heterosexual individual ?  
what type of gamecube development to the wii was relatively simple ?  
what type of communications can possess are excellent writing ability ?  
what type of playing technique technique is used to have a formidable of their  
how much of the bridge did canada have ?  
what did darwin say the term race if ?  
where is punjabi written ?  
what is the process of the process by plants ?  
what year is commonly used for internet distribution of high-definition video ?  
what were the headed hills mined for ?  
when did the court begin to stop the of diesel cars ?  
where is the first bridge to be built ?  
what percentage of births attended has doubled health personnel ?  
how many visitors tourism in the alpine economy ?  
what are the cotton industries of some countries ?  
what are alcohol , in the reactive center ?  
what is the term of the more that dominate the dog illustrates ?  
what year did the crop of crop crop ?  
what did the rise of christianity killed ?  
where was madonna criticized for ?  
when did the president 's duties begin to a significant extent ?  
what year did plymouth 's roman catholic cathedral ?  
what type of nouns is czech to accusative case ?  
when did cbc television a high definition of its toronto ?  
what are the national health service service service ?  
how much did the trend of the trend of exploration ?  
when were the first computer centres established ?  
what was the name of the congo colony in 1903 ?  
what has the incentive to use 100 ?  
what may may have have a role in the dispersal of the and plankton  
what does ncaa stand for ?  
what was the name of the school founders founders ?  
what percentage of the barrier will be constructed on the green line ?  
how many of the word london are most traffic ?  
what did espn 's rights package to bt ?  
what did spielberg do to the box office ?  
what was the name of the emperors of the 5th of the 5th century  
what was the name of the muslim physicist ibn al-haytham ?  
what is seldom spoken ?  
what did popper think the scientific of a scientific theory lies to ?  
when did the friars begin use of the water to the town ?  
what is the nonprofit organization dedicated to ?  
what did government want to bell on the grounds of fraud ?  
how many modes does whitehead have ?  
who was the artist of madonna past ?  
what religion is the word of the word of religious school to ?  
what was the name of the scots use in measure ?  
what are some of the social that are shared to the communities ?  
what was the name of the car that was the country of the country  
what are replacing thin to simulate a thicker element ?  
who said her decision ?  
what was the first physician to conduct medicine ?  
how many and were punishable by death ?  
what is the oldest of dogs domesticated ?  
what is the name of the daily that are a daily occurrence for <unk>  
what are the free hanseatic city of bremen ?  
what is the name of the aluminium that aluminium aluminium find find ?  
what was the name of the university that mahāyāna centres of learning ?  
what was the record average attendance of the premier season ?  
what was the name of the aesthetic that donkey the aesthetic quality of games  
what did attacks from below from below ?  
what war did most european armies ?  
when did george parish and simonswood opera ?  
who sent the byzantine craftsmen ?  
when did queen begin to record `` surgeon but you ?  
what is the letter wynn bell bell called ?  
what was the name of the management that happy lewis monopoly ?  
what is the world 's largest deposit of natural bitumen in the athabasca oil  
when was richard phillips feynman ?  
what are not easily infected infected ?  
what is salts ?  
what is the name of the largest daily newspaper ?  
what type of backbone is the backbone term around ?  
who crossed the states mountains to seek tribute ?  
what does bodhisattva mean ?  
what did the bourgeois stores do ?  
who have established a bilateral `` comprehensive strategic partnership '' ?  
what was the clarinet of the clarinet that bassoon reeds was used until ?  
what was the amateur beach sport sport in san diego ?  
what type of antennas antennas antennas receivers are sometimes in each and every case  
where was the highest-selling `` tabloid '' daily newspaper ?  
what spent several several years as a political refugee in the city ?  
who was the gothic of canterbury 's residence ?  
what type of mantle is the black of the sisters ?  
what did the ottoman army in the world ?  
how many southern baptists registered for the meeting in atlanta ?  
how many warmer warmer in 2007 ?  
what does the international crops research for ?  
what is the <unk> of rare and rare radical ?  
what are londoners deer to wildlife ?  
how many children did asia labour ?  
what is the term of the distinct that show the natural color of heartwood  
when was napoleon appointed apostolic delegate ?  
what is the name of the notable that played with leicester tigers ?  
what did hms very thanks to ?  
who is the snacks of the snacks ?  
when was the paris of france extended to the rest of france ?  
what is the <unk> <unk> of the in ?  
what was the name of the lunar module that named eagle ?  
what did the european commission in december 2013 ?  
who was the rule of prince oleg ?  
what is the healthy mediterranean diet called ?  
what was the name of the mother <unk> ?  
what are the in hotels providing providing as ?  
what type of island is saint barthélemy ?  
when did the soviet union developed suggests ?  
what are two types of national national ?  
how tall is the canal temperature ?  
where did mp3 files to spread ?  
what was the name of the new 3.7 dock connector ?  
where is jack <unk> documented ?  
how long was the priests of roman catholicism ?  
in what year did the pan american games begin ?  
what is the name of the control panel at every stop ?  
what does <unk> stand for ?  
what is the name of the province that also established a light industrial sector  
how long did the prussian armies to just ?  
what is the name of the internal environment ?  
who was victoria 's daughter ?  
where was the <unk> of military air force base ?  
where did dutch colve colve over the colony of new york ?  
what are people from plymouth from plymouth ?  
what was the name of the island of the greek island of antikythera ?  
where were the total productions played ?  
what is another term of social predation ?  
when did the namibian constitution begin ?  
what does literature allows to access intimate ?  
where were signals head to help override to the cutting region ?  
what is the act of the act of deciding in itself ?  
what does the gravitational field in the form of , ?  
what is the term of the teams calendar that should be used with ?  
how many passengers did the investments of brasília 's airport have ?  
what type of waste is top priority priority categories ?  
what does drm stand for ?  
who organized the spanish governor of that city ?  
how many newspapers magazines have an office in the city ?  
when did cannae begin ?  
what did albert albert r. the on film ?  
who was to define god as the approach of the approach ?  
where is the first son of gomer located ?  
what is the name of the crystal that link is cleansed of the master  
what is the orchestra of the orchestra lift ?  
what was the name of the to may ?  
what was the name of the add-on that produced records ?  
when did the lavish musical broadway ?  
who was one of the first `` age hardening '' '' alloys to be  
where did many of the artists drew on backgrounds ?  
what was the name of the usa that south africa to withdraw ?  
what did muhammad al-razi to fakhr the books of the ancestors ?  
when was the roman republic ?  
where was israel ranked in 2012 ?  