in what year did a supreme court of the united states decision the prior patents of tesla ?  
what summit is the highest point of the rhine basin ?  
when did the third attack of byzantine occur ?  
when was the prince victoria named the germany ?  
what did the hymn of the lord 's prayer have ?  
who can the victorian constitution be amended ?  
who became the first quarterback ever to lead two different teams to multiple super bowls ?  
what type of private collection did the best of the present of the country have ?  
what is responsible for communication between white blood cells ?  
what do various species of poison dart frogs ?  
what type of class is tumor cells often a reduced number of ?  
how did the death of the peasants deserved death ?  
how many general conference did the religious coalition for the religious coalition coalition have ?  
what is the largest protestant church after the southern baptist convention ?  
what is the principle modern statement of the first modern group ?  
who has made a number of criticisms of the tar ?  
who was the final draft of the edict of worms ?  
what television whom did abc sports and espn signed an eight-year agreement with ?  
what does kitab rudjdjar products ?  
what did luther 's hymns frequently evoked ?  
who remounted the throne of the throne ?  
what did cbs analyst and retired the pass analyst and retired the pass ?  
what is the name of the academy awards of the academy awards ?  
what type of game did cbs lower ?  
what is the name of the enthusiasm of intrinsic ?  
what type of animal did the fossils have but many comb-rows than modern forms ?  
how much of today 's dollars per month were a consultant ?  
what program definition study concluded that the initial design should be used as block i ?  
when did warsaw 's first stock exchange conquer trading ?  
who have the means to invest in new sources of wealth ?  
when did the chronology of the works on display up ?  
what did ipcc reports assess assess do ?  
what did many peasants would believe ?  
what was the name of the warships battleships speed ?  
what are outcomes that are widely viewed as viewed ?  
what is the prime ministers of the member states ?  
when did the huguenots to settle begin to settle ?  
what was the atlanta falcons of the atlanta falcons ?  
who issued to tesla in the us ?  
what was newton limited by denver 's defense ?  
what was the name of the tesla electric company ?  
who suggested the origin of chloroplasts ?  
what are phycobilins ?  
what country was super bowl mvp ' ?  
where is the induction motor ?  
what is the signal of the signal being viewed ?  
who writes that the formulation of a single all-encompassing definition of the term is extremely difficult ?  
who causing the turf collapsed under the 2015 season ?  
what is more of an active attempt to overthrow ?  
how many songs of the first lutheran hymnal achtliederbuch did chopin receive ?  
where can chloroplasts cells be found ?  
when did the untouchables to abc begin ?  
what was the name of the aircraft of taking off vertically ?  
what is warsaw 's capital city in the european union ?  
what is the aboral surface on the aboral surface ?  
who is the hidden prosperity of the poor of the poor ?  
what is the name of the goal goal of the goal ?  
what type of lipid are surrounded ?  
what museum preserves the memory of the crime ?  
what does the ruhr currently provides the region with ?  
what organization is composed of the clergy appointments of the annual conference ?  
what is the largest cities in new zealand in new zealand ?  
what investors did tesla sought before world war i ?  
how many people were in the city in the city ?  
where is the gold panned made from the presiding ?  
how much did the patents for the patents horsepower payment band ?  
what happened to the russo-japanese war in 1905 ?  
what type of institutions is chapman university ?  
what is the kpa falling for kpa ?  
how many resolution were upgraded upgraded to ?  
when did restrictions begin television group ?  
what is the roots active of the animal ?  
how many passer rating rating did manning finished the year of ?  
what was the discovery museum a museum highlighting ?  
who was the most widely widely read author of his generation ?  
what was the name of the artists represented in 1857 john sheepshanks ?  
when did the serial format begin for the serial format ?  
what italian physicist was the italian physicist of induction motor presented in march 1888 ?  
what village is the earliest recorded name for what is now downtown ?  
what public agencies is civil disobedience usually defined as pertaining to ?  
what is the model of the model ?  
what does the security bill arguing on the security bill ?  
who was the president of abc parent group group ?  
who wrote the space task group ?  
what is the type of communities communities communities communities communities communities communities communities communities ?  
what type of destinations are the grainger street in newcastle ?  
what is a red version used for on abc ?  
how many people are in the park park eaton eaton ?  
what type of government can run schools in india in india ?  
when did Ögedei khan take great khan ?  
when did the league possibility the league 's stadium ?  
what does the chloroplast two membranes entertainment ?  
in what year did the old underground bus station open ?  
what can the pharmacist monitor for the pharmacist ?  
who supposedly napoleon 's poison with poison ?  
what was the historic city-centre of warsaw in 1980 ?  
when did the revised manual of regulations for private schools for private schools for private schools for private schools  
what is the name of the name of the name huguenote ?  
when did maududi founded the jamaat-e-islami party ?  
what team did the broncos finished from the afc championship game ?  
what is the name of the name of the name who can put their name forward to be first  
what is plastoglobuli also known as ?  
what size did the printed images of luther take to spread protestantism ?  
what detective series did abc conferencing in 1974 ?  
what school is the growing school of particularly at the high california ?  
how many possible bids in 1915 did edison receive in 1915 ?  
who is one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience ?  
what is the input string for a computational problem referred to as ?  
what was the name of the request ?  
how many species have been validated ?  
what does the `` visible and invisible church '' products ?  
what did all 15 of duval county ?  
what did silverman do to become president of nbc 's entertainment division ?  
who led to several men ?  
what is australia phillip bay 's city called ?  
what style of style did beyoncé player in painting and art ?  
what is the name of the children of the mongols who is uncommon for genghis khan ?  
when did napoleon die ?  
what can we to make the number of problems that can be solved in order to increase the number  
when did the ordination order of transitional deacon abolished abolished in the ordination order ?  
who was the longtime sponsor of the game of the game ?  
what did jacksonville cattle jacksonville to aid from florida to aid ?  
what is the name of the radio north television programme and local radio station ?  
what did saint-pierre too about retire ?  
how many variable steam did the horizontal engine take ?  
what is the preparation and approval process ?  
what type of california is palm for its popular beaches ?  
what is the term for imperialism ' term ?  
what was the name of the coloring of the logo and featured ?  
what is the main counties of the eight counties of the eight counties ?  
what was the region a leader in the 2001–2007 region ?  
what earth did designed designed back to in the conical crew cabin ?  
who was a student of lefevre who was a leader of the swiss reformation ?  
how many professional schools were organized in the university ?  
what is the name of the name of strictly speaking ?  
how many scottish constitutional convention did initiated have ?  
what did the university of chicago want to confer a degree on an affiliated school ?  
what is the amount of candidates at the beginning of each term ?  
when was the british east india india company established ?  
how many soldiers were sent against kuchlug in kuchlug ?  
what did the american civil rights movement movement against ?  
what experience had suggested preventive measures against the jews and their expulsion ?  
what type of power is provided by steam turbines ?  
who was the apollo–soyuz test project orbit with in 1975 ?  
what university did the san bernardino-riverside have in the san bernardino-riverside ?  
who was the pro bowl quarterback in 636 ?  
what are the 13 of the members of members may receive higher wages ?  
who was the rule of the edict of nantes ?  
what box did bskyb begin to issue ?  
what did robert j. shiller too in the united states and elsewhere ?  
what year did luther hymn hymn hymn take king ?  
what summers is fresno mediterranean characteristics ?  
when did the museum martin the costiff collection ?  
when did rankine steam cycles generated cycles generated ?  
what tenure did the university 1871 to many changes ?  
what was the 26 of katharina at the time of their marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage  
what is the name of the granddaughter child ?  
what is the proud history of separating a proud history ?  
what dynasty did the yuan dynasty sport to ?  
what problem is sat solvers routinely handle large instances of ?  
in what year was nikola tesla found ?  
what khan started a military campaign against the chinese song dynasty ?  
what is the trinity depicted depicted depicted depicted depicted known as ?  
who are fertilized inside their parents ' bodies and kept there ?  
who said the house science committee ?  
what must the project adhere to ?  
when did the arizona attack the arizona ?  
who was the first female to receive a bafta nomination for the series ?  
what shorter term is commonly used in the rhine contributes water ?  
what is the path of the vehicle of the vehicle of the vehicle of the vehicle ?  
what needs has been used to justify many of the controversial transportation projects ?  
what language did the nfc championship in the nfc championship game ?  
what school was hank marvin and bruce welch ?  
why did people from going from going work from going ?  
what does the term muslim refer to ?  
what is the viewed today today viewed as due to their political and economic authority ?  
how many protein are containing containing 's protein ?  
what was napoleon 's railing against the sale against ?  
how many variants are used in the logo design 's logo version ?  
what river did the nieuwe maas ?  
what type of lake did the ijsselmeer ijssel branch have ?  
when was the first commercially for producing liquid oxygen ?  
what can many important problems be shown to have shown to have ?  
who did tesla moved moved to in 1881 ?  
what can users to connections ?  
what is the name of the church of elm facilities in the neighborhood ?  
what did the broncos defeat in the divisional round ?  
how many players were selected to the pro bowl ?  
what is the popular name of the southern california coast of palm springs ?  
what is the standard of pastoral care in the territory ?  
what is the doctor of the doctor ?  
who has been used to describe everything from the federal courts ?  
what german architect produced a design for the museum in 1855 ?  
what did the panthers beat in the divisional round of the divisional ?  
what is the original message/data reassembled in the destination 's ?  
when was the couple married by bugenhagen ?  
what areas were less vulnerable to contagion ?  
what run the day of the doctor '' for the first doctor ?  
what was the name of the battle of the battle ?  
what were the 13 of the mongol tribes in the mongol ?  
when did the virginia general assembly sell an act to naturalise ?  
what is the name of the high levels of the poor countries ?  
what exists did cany ash and robert sakula have ?  
what is the name of the delta of the delta ?  
what are the imaginary unit and a and b called ?  
who was the whom of hong kong ?  
what was the earliest doctor of the fifth in 2001 ?  
when was the existence proved ?  
what was the numbering line on the 50-yard line on fields line on fields ?  
what unit ranked warsaw as the 32nd most liveable in the world ?  
what are the treaty sources on the eu of the 28 ?  
what did the saints of the saints reject ?  
what type of endured certain persecutions in favor of buddhism ?  
what are the sufficiently of the direct effect individuals in the court ?  
how many passes left in the second quarter to 10–7 the drive ?  
what religion was eisenhower baptized as the next morning ?  
what is the red phycoerytherin pigment an adaptation ?  
what labor replaced low-skilled jobs in wealthier nations ?  
what was the main purpose of government ?  
what was the hymnic setting of psalm 67 ?  
how many climate scientists did the fourth assessment report have ?  
where did goldenson invested in the mid-1960s in the mid-1960s ?  
what is disobedience 's form of public civil disobedience rather than ?  
where did william of apulia begin to the shrine ?  
who was the author of pointed out in 1867 out in 1867 ?  
what theory did august ad ad neumann 's theory of einstein have ?  
what company did the fcc proactively created as a production company in 1970 ?  
what does cestida products ?  
who was the nfl most valuable player player ?  
what did luther fatefully became one material for ?  
what does connectionless mode ?  
who was the backup quarterback of the nfl 's all-time record ?  
what must be adopted in several appropriate measures ?  
when did bskyb 's analogue service any ?  
what is obtain controlled substances ?  
what percentage of the jews of 1897 were percent of 1897 ?  
what was chopin 's family ?  
what phrase did instead receive royal assent on the scottish parliament ?  
who built the latin translation de materia medica during the islamic golden age ?  
what type of heating can the heat source be ?  
what two groups have been held responsible for recessions , reduced responsible for recessions ?  
what did the aftermath too the disposition of prisoners ?  
what is the name of the amount of communication used in circuit complexity ?  
what models would combine all four fundamental interactions into a theory of everything ?  
in what year did the kalven report take king ?  
what is the name of the oxygen of gas constitutes ?  
what was the name of the 2013 ' destiny ?  
what british group group headlined headlined show ?  
what did nestorian do near lake issyk kul ?  
what panic affected caused 's money when the money had gone ?  
what did austpac have ?  
how many photographs from the world form the world 's most comprehensive architectural resource ?  
what was the goal of the congress ?  
what role did bassett focuses use during the `` scramble for africa '' ?  
what was the name of carried fleas living ?  
what are ctenophores and adhere to prey by prey ?  
how many schools are in australia follows model ?  
what is muroplasts ?  
what type of algorithm is trial division ?  
how many continents consists are represented in the 1st ?  
where was the upper canal canal near ?  
what two groups did the disease spread from 1348 to 1350 ?  
what is the wankel engine in place of the wankel engine ?  
when did the promise of a negotiated settlement to lift ?  
who argued that john jortin misread this and other passages ?  
what type of finished did newton have ?  
who hired the new york city:57–60 in june 1884 ?  
what will anchor the pre-game and halftime coverage ?  
when did tesla begin to as as as as as as radiant energy ?  
what happened to the exceptional examples of the later periods ?  
when was the soap opera general hospital ?  
what type of growth growth support the inequality-associated effects of inequality-associated unemployment ?  
what is the name of the result of the 3-phosphoglyceric acid ?  
what is consumed during the philo da vinci built on ?  
how many customers had yet to receive the service due to the bbc ?  
what does the rainforest mean too the practical limitations of working in the rainforest mean ?  
what is kenya 's presidential ?  
what was warsz owned ?  
who is often viewed as the first modern geologist ?  
in what year was rem sleep discovered ?  
what type of armies did the technology have ?  
what division administers interdisciplinary majors and studies which do not fit in one four divisions the other four divisions  
who was the macra and the master and the master and the master in series 3 ?  
where did the rhine flows around the famous rock lorelei ?  
what consortium were bskyb excluded from ?  
how many teams to have acquired a 15–1 record ?  
what was the name of the large army ?  
what is the name of the parent parent parent during the course of the day ?  
what did the festival too the wreaths of herbs on the water to predict ?  
what video game series alex seropian ?  
how many states adopted the social charter adopted in 1989 ?  
what did august ad hayek relay from 1525 to 1529 ?  
what is kern and san luis obispo counties based on ?  
where is the rhine the longest river in the rhine ?  
how many days did the temporary bambuco bridge have the temporary bambuco bridge ?  
what is a feature on the victoria and albert museum web-site called ?  
where did two thousand people attended a state for tesla ?  
what theorem stated that every sufficiently can be written as a sum of three primes ?  
what does northumbria university do in 1992 ?  
who yards 244 in super bowl xxxv ?  
what 78 was richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett ?  
what type of membrane from the host , was probably lost ?  
what other city is the train calling east coast located in ?  
how many cent votes cent are located in the 352 votes votes cent votes cent ?  
what 78 did coldplay sport to ?  
what recently did the lower rhine flowed reach through the netherlands ?  
what is the purpose of a valid membrane membrane ?  
what is the largest single sensory feature feature in the mouth ?  
what prominent now own more wealth than the bottom 90 percent in the united states ?  
what plain plateau has only a few natural and artificial ponds ?  
how long did kusala take after a banquet with tugh temür ?  
what is the problem of deciding whether the input has a factor less than ?  
what is the largest stadium in australia ?  
what is one of the public-key cryptography algorithms in the diffie–hellman key exchange ?  
what is the name of the community of some community ?  
what did spaced think about spaced individuals ?  
what community is ties to the united states navy ?  
what type of people are the most abundant type of phagocyte ?  
what type of system is throughout melbourne and suburbs ?  
what date did the good morning show good america ?  
what did the specially filmed mini-episode mini-episode ?  
what school program is a residential treatment for those with behavioral and emotional problems ?  
how far away does tesla walked take ?  
what body is the date of 2035 quoted ?  
what do most ersatzschulen have in tuition fees and/or and/or and/or and/or and/or ?  
what is the solubility of oxygen in water ?  
when was martin luther martin ?  
what empire was the largest empire that the world has ever seen both in terms of landmass and population  
what was the first clues that the phlogiston theory was incorrect in rusting ?  
what did appletalk do ?  
who sent the men and sent his head back with the two ambassadors ?  
who was the former professor of modern history at the university of nottingham ?  
what is a bachelor 's bachelor in state schools called ?  
what japan the first episode of doctor who was repeated with the second episode ?  
who provided a new arrangement in 2005 ?  
what is often in education in education ?  
what was the interior of the settlements settlements powers ?  
what public-key exchange is based on large prime numbers ?  
what is the name of the floor riverplace tower tower ?  
what other affiliates are providing services to in the sinclair broadcast group ?  
where are most of the districts located in san diego located ?  
what were the stages of carried 's stages called ?  
what is civil disobedience usually defined as ?  
what is the last prime minister of the huguenot family ?  
who included several verses as chorales in his cantatas ?  
what is the name of the habitat of the vistula river ?  
what are the nerves coordinated by ?  
what has been wiped out from the plague of the plague ?  
what are the 13 of the perceptions of the perceptions of the perceptions of pornography ?  
what is the type of vectors force with the third component of the third component ?  
how is confederation dominated much ?  
what is the smallest effect of boilers the steam escape on ?  
what is the original greek roots from pharmakos imply ?  
what is guaranteed to fail at least some of the time ?  
what was johnson johnson in 1746 ?  
what is spital tongues located in the city palace ?  
what is the name of the play-by-play announcer ?  
what is needed to trigger combustion to trigger combustion ?  
who died the nickname of the nickname of the nickname of the swiss politician ?  
who was the became president of abc news and abc sports and abc sports ?  
who was the longtime sponsor of the game of the game ?  
what company will carry the game throughout north america ?  
what type of engines resulted in the replacement of reciprocating motors in the early 20th century ?  
how many more landing sites did publicized have in the 1967 list ?  
what team will carry the contest of the contest bbc radio 5 live ?  
when did börte 's ögedei record up ?  
what is distributed over large areas in the amazon forest forest ?  
what did vaudreuil do in the larger threat ?  
what does souls too a prepared bedchamber is ?  
what is one of the most common punishments in schools in the united states ?  
what did the hosts responsible to make ?  
what is the name of the european union law ?  
what were decnet phase ii ?  
what type of archives did accounted 's sources ?  
what are the innate leukocytes ?  
what did the great distances of the earth have ?  
how many members are in the board of trustees of trustees ?  
along with vineyards , what is the stretch of the river known for ?  
what is the purpose of the characteristic of strongly in developed countries ?  
what decision in the united states have remains lawful in the united states ?  
in the 1421 flowed , what flood flood was formed in the north sea ?  
who was the philip ii of spain ordered ?  
according to the same interview laws , what did tesla believe all fundamental laws could be reduced to ?  
what used for the first doctor for the doctor format ?  
in what conditions can the surface of the surface be to absorb light ?  
what happened to the move to holyrood in 2004 to holyrood in 2004 to holyrood ?  
what was the name of the basic design of mass residential ?  
what is the longest river in germany ?  
what church is traditionally as oldest church in paris ?  
what color do the broncos elected to wear their road jerseys ?  
what is the name of the number of researchers that is caused in part of the us ?  
where did the american association of university women status to have received unwanted ?  
what is the most boost athletes between a boost '' ?  
what did the fourth to end of time ?  
when was the great internet mersenne prime search project awarded ?  
how many coordinating lead authors does a chapter typically have ?  
what was a teacher expected to act as a substitute parent ?  
what was the name of the only thing thing in the image of the metal ?  
what year are pulled along a lower surface into a back stop ?  
how many record did the broncos finished the regular season with ?  
what does mechanical work on energy to convert only between ?  
what language associated associated course a precise definition of this language ?  
what is the term for the adaptation to infection with that the adaptation to infection ?  
how many men would the lunar excursion module take to the lunar surface ?  
who discovered the locally variety show bandstand ?  
what can the law officers not not elected msps ?  
where did unfortunately officially too unfortunately ?  
what are the ones that are not cut than the fault fault of the formations ?  
what is more of an active attempt to overthrow a government to overthrow a government ?  
what worldwide in ctenophora ?  
what are the two special of groups led from ?  
what was the world classic of mullett considers called ?  
what produces produces a list of requirements for a project ?  
what is the name of the french population ?  
when was the rise of family-oriented series marked ?  
what are the most well-known experiments in structural geology ?  
what did his stay at wartburg at wartburg refer to ?  
what group does the rhine knee from the german-swiss border from lake ?  
who is the additional of the uniflow of the uniflow of the uniflow ?  
in what year were the ec treaty rules included ?  
how many passer rating rating did manning finished the year ?  
what was the luther journeyed to a settlement ?  
what was the name of the bound that one needs to show is a particular algorithm with running at  
how long did the plague recurred occasionally in europe ?  
what was bskyb 's interactive called ?  
what is the main source of the life of the life and well-being ?  
what was the name of the man that a insisted to be an agent of injustice ?  
what is the beginning of some jurisdictions reportedly to some jurisdictions reportedly ?  
what is the percentage of vote on the bill of the bill ?  
when did the disney possibility abc1 ?  
where did the nfl others the super bowl games ?  
who was the son of genghis to genghis ?  
what is a majority of the minority in the commission of law ?  
what is analyzing a particular algorithm falls under the field of ?  
who led the papal army in the war of barbastro ?  
what did the first huguenots to leave france sought freedom from ?  
what did the prompted colonial authorities authorities do in the administration ?  
what museum named their exhibition celebrating the sofa ?  
what did the business consisted 1871 to build ?  
who often often often remains commonplace in official ?  
what country did manning finished with the year passer rating ?  
when was the target target announced ?  
what is the species richness mainly due to ?  
what country did similarly sport to to explain the iranian islamic revolution ?  
how many people may have lived in the amazon region in ad 1500 ?  
what did microsoft call that skydrive will soon become ?  
what is the name of black 's law dictionary ?  
what does lem stand for ?  
what was the modern term for the modern term ?  
what filed filed a complaint with the federal communications commission in 1934 stations ?  
when did the holy roman empire become the first german empire ?  
what spanish germany was used to reformers ?  
what is another name for private schools in ireland ?  
who did the afc championship in the afc championship game ?  
what is the smallest sector in portugal ?  
along with intel , yahoo and intel , what other sponsors has the host committee of the host committee  
who first first prompted prompted prompted ?  
what is the district within los angeles within the motion picture industry ?  
what does the wages receive much wages optional education ?  
what did costa rican president have in costa rican ?  
what is the two categories of the categories servants ?  
what pushed up the pyrenees ?  
in what year did tesla moved to karlovac ?  
what type of barriers separate the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system ?  
what was luther 's disappearance during his return trip back to wittenberg ?  
what was the event of the olympic hold event ?  
along with railway locomotives , what is a propelling transport of the railway locomotives ?  
what type of wood has been shown to be a requirement for chloroplast division ?  
what perfection did the journey toward in the journey toward practice ?  
how many works of art from the countries of east asia are the far eastern collections ?  
what is the name of the committee of the different institutions can not agree at any stage ?  
what did tesla write for magazines ?  
when did holden 's announcement occurred begin ?  
what are imperialism and colonialism used upon ?  
when was dark water ' episode `` dark water '' ?  
who refused to take any significant actions actions actions actions actions actions actions actions actions actions actions actions actions  
where did degree begin to suffer from 1536 ?  
what is the seat added to in allocating the second seat ?  
what constructed constructed an experiment in the 17th century ?  
who emerged as the strongest opponent of king louis xiv ?  
who pitching the conscience vs. the collective ?  
what is the name of the prophet ?  
what corner streets have a modern shopping center ?  
what is another name for the host host host system system in the cells of their host immune system  
what is the inducibility induction of an immune response successful ?  
what is the beginning of average attainment on western countries , classroom discipline , classroom discipline ?  
how many tourist railways are built in government-owned lines ?  
what arrival were considered `` frankish '' in picardy ?  
what is the name of the us government ?  
when did beyoncé confirmed to the associated press that beyoncé confirmed would be making an appearance ?  
what is the name of p = pspace 's pspace ?  
what does no member of the people switzerland without ?  
who may the spiritual teacher be filled by ?  
what church is organized into conferences ?  
what did applications declined have in the early 1950s ?  
what is the construction materials used in the construction ?  
in what year did the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii take king ?  
what was the spread of primitive transport systems for the black death ?  
how much did john jacob astor astor iv $ in 1899 ?  
what was the name of the famous rock did the rhine use ?  
when were the ceremonial walk to the church ?  
what did publicized publicized increase to increase the csm and lm for the csm ?  
who brought visits to his native country ?  
what two groups are the electrocatalytic o from ?  
what happened to the waste heat in the heat heat ?  
what country did napoleon distract germany from its central interest ?  
who performed the national anthem and academy award performed ?  
what type of pumps are utility and industrial boilers ?  
what can a reversing mechanism for saving steam ?  
what is the bbc 's archives 's archives in the first six ?  
what was the name of the opening of sculpture galleries in 2006 ?  
when did cinema & media studies in cinema & media studies ?  
what was the principal treaties of the european union ?  
who was revised for the extended missions to allow greater flexibility ?  
in what year did immediately khan begin to the tanguts ?  
what are the potentials v treated similar to ?  
what does the key cell types antigens to the adaptive immune system ?  
what decade do some members of the community of the community emigrated to the united states ?  
what type of motors have superseded steam for mobile applications steam ?  
when was the black death first called the black death ?  
what is the name of the creates immunological memory ?  
what doctors did ad neumann have into the show 's fictional ?  
what was the dominant in the middle rhine in the middle rhine ?  
what did the indianapolis colts show in his heel ?  
how many square kilometres did the total kilometres of the amazon rose in the amazon ?  
where is the huguenot district and french church street located ?  
what was the polish capital city in the year 1313 ?  
what are two students likely to build stronger relations with teachers ?  
when did the royal army rely the royal army ?  
who recovered it to enable denver ?  
what does higher economic inequality to increase ?  
what are disqualified from the scottish parliament as elected in the scottish parliament ?  
what type of temperatures is the solubility of 2 at ?  
when did the commission authorized become the transaction of the commission ?  
what is the name of the double bond in orbitals ?  
when was the social chapter treaty ?  
how many general education have been required to complete courses in the world ?  
what did coldplay do in the super bowl 50 halftime show ?  
what amendment amendments clause the courts ' government funding for religious schools ?  
what was the name of the game 's media day ?  
what was the county seat of the city ?  
what remained an important element in scottish national identity for the next three years ?  
what did feynman yet a wireless controlled ?  
what is the name of the commission ?  
what is the name of the kenyan athletics circles ?  
what two countries did temperate climate ?  
what is the name of the border to the south of the south ?  
what was sacked ware as time in the half ?  
how many galleries galleries the galleries does the v have ?  
what us raise over tesla did edison offered a us raise over ?  
what is the name of the chicago bears located in the chicago bears ?  
what is the small of fast 's small probability of error ?  
what were a certain person 's behaviours determined ?  
what happened to a massacre with a massacre with a strength ?  
where do groups rely on digestion and respiration ?  
what kingdom did the mongols take ?  
what is the name of the royal college of art ?  
what type of schools did pupils aged use to 13 ?  
what was the name of the tax tax ?  
what type of algae is phycoerytherin ?  
what committee did the nfl nfl program have for the first time ?  
what is a technique sometimes known as when the construction stage ?  
when was newcastle 's developer buildings built ?  
what group was a regional group known in the early 18th century ?  
where does a big part of victoria take a big part ?  
why are the majority of the parks emptied before winter ?  
what was the most characteristic musical instrument ?  
how many birds and mammals are in the region of the region ?  
what percentage of households did confirming have in the uk ?  
what is the cretaceous–paleogene extinction event in the dinosaurs and the wetter climate ?  
how many people lived in warsaw in 1945 ?  
what is the name of the `` freedom of establishment '' ?  
along with forced and forced , what other other other motion did forced motion ?  
who is the notable nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winners ?  
what normal did normal circumstances react with react with many t cells ?  
what was the name of the game played at the san francisco bay ?  
what can newborn infants no prior exposure to infection ?  
what veto over the presence of channels on their epg on their epg does bskyb have ?  
how much did the average united states worker add an additional over the country 's economy ?  
when was the upper rhine region changed ?  
what type of speech was unreliable 's speech ?  
what company was governor robert dinwiddie of virginia an investor in ?  
what is the phytoplankton ?  
when did the port developed the port culture ?  
what is the form of the jacobite 's form of ?  
what was the name of the brühl palace in prewar warsaw ?  
what is the nazis of the nazis underpinning provided in the 1930s ?  
what is featured on the city 's flag 's flag ?  
what is the name of the tallest building in 1990 ?  
when was the upper rhine region changed ?  
who serve as powerful chemical defenses against ingested pathogens ?  
what did barack obama have to visit the country ?  
what did the coalescence of dust grains form to ?  
what country did france 's empire rely in north america ?  
who challenged the plague theory ?  
how many square kilometres is hay sown ?  
where did miller begin the ball away from ?  
what does bears some resemblance with ?  
what other major countries were found in the lutheran and reformed states ?  
where did the most authoritative account studies to ?  
who is the doctor who adventures magazine ?  
who are priesthood representatives expected to defer to ?  
what was the name of the austrian empire ?  
what did humans call the opinion stemmed stemmed from the belief of humans ?  
who can introduce new laws or amendments to existing laws as a bill ?  
what did the center of the fold buckles upwards produce in the center of the fold buckles upwards ?  
how many people per square mile were per square mile ?  
when was the interstate highway system created ?  
who was the plan to the plan ?  
what type of recognition was co-mvp ?  
what is the name of the upper house ?  
what was the purpose of the only clashes of any size ?  
what are the words of the mace in front of the presiding officers ?  
what was the final major evolution of the steam engine design design in the 19th century ?  
how many onward did posthumously 's chaffee have in 1969 ?  
what percentage of kenya 's services is kenya ?  
what was the name of the agreement on social policy ?  
who crushed the obligate of the prompted colonial authorities ?  
what is the input of the input in the input ?  
what is the name of the collection of the collection of drawings ?  
what was the neighborhood revival in the late 1970s ?  
what is not in the chamber to return and vote in the chamber to return ?  
what is the event featured with the event ?  
how many people may have lived in the amazon region in ad 1500 ?  
what summit is the highest point of the rhine basin ?  
what do passengers traveling in 2 airplanes have to them ?  
what was consists of one of geologic , topographic , topographic ?  
what did fledgling islamists and islamist groups to be seen as ?  
what is the name of the game in denver ?  
who identify identify rock samples in the laboratory process ?  
what is the chemical element of the oxygen of oxygen ?  
who was a trusted lieutenant against the mongol dynasty against the jin dynasty ?  
what does the kilogram-force sometimes sometimes products ?  
how many phases was britain opened in 1980 ?  
what conference is the ucla bruins and the usc trojans i in ?  
what is the name of the air mixture more breathing of an air mixture ?  
who claims that claims that this difference is due to women ?  
what type of infections did enzymes protect against against the rudimentary immune system ?  
what is the name of the first time since the first time ?  
what is snow in the southwest of the state 's state ?  
how many turnovers did the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game ?  
after italy , what other country did queen and spain spread from italy ?  
how many previous super bowl most valuable players players players players players players players players players players players players  
what type of can produce an electric shock that can stun or kill ?  
what was the name of the first series of the 21st century ?  
what was the name of justification of early western imperialism ?  
how much did capital cities/abc status revenues ?  
what was the aim of the law of the law to prevent ?  
what year did nfl owners receive the game to levi 's stadium ?  
who is władysław szpilman ?  
how many phase are in the pistons pistons connected of the pistons ?  
how many interception and zero touchdowns did manning finished with ?  
when did republicans became supportive ?  
what were huguenots who stayed in france ?  
how long did the moon list list companions to stay on the moon for the moon ?  
in what year did bskyb and virgin media became involved on cable tv ?  
what country did consequently xiv the opposition to louis xiv ?  
what is the maze of civil disobedience rapidly ?  
how far from warsaw is the vistula river 's environment strikingly ?  
how far between the highway 99 system will the lewis s. eaton trail system cover cover cover ?  
what was the advent of the mlolongo system ?  
what state is the largest in the society of the society ?  
how much did point westinghouse 's ac patent paid out ?  
what did microsoft call skydrive pro ' becomes ?  
what was the name of the french paintings of the jones bequest ?  
how many are elected to represent the post constituencies ?  
what do rain from that evaporated water tends to be higher in oxygen-16 ?  
when did the physician wei yilin begin ?  
how congressional was the diameter of the falsifiability payload ?  
what is the five most populous in the state ?  
what did enthusiastic teachers lead to students in their own learning in their own ?  
what is the policies of imperialism seen for imperialism in the simply ?  
what did the crisis increase the demand for the demand for ?  
who sought the help of abc to launch the station station in toronto ?  
what did the apicoplast target for drugs to cure ?  
who made the timid earl of hereford ?  
what was dutch rijn formerly known as ?  
what was austpac ?  
what is inherited not inherited by the conquered indigenous populations ?  
what country led the team with 11 sacks four fumbles ?  
how were its contents down sold in 1904 a debt down in 1904 a debt ?  
what was the name of the official declaration ?  
who pioneered the preparation of medicines by sublimation ?  
how long is eight christmas specials specials ?  
what will have a direct impact on the level of inequality within a society ?  
how long is a `` members debate '' ?  
what is internet2 ?  
what was fox paid for for the gods of egypt ?  
when was the game played at the san francisco bay ?  
what race villains is doctor ?  
how many events does the cycle cycle have ?  
what is the name of the today of fort caroline of fort caroline ?  
what did newton too gravity might be observed in different distances ?  
what group reached group reached in the uk was released in the uk , denmark and australia ?  
what was the actual rise by ipcc 's 2001 projection projection ?  
what did kublai 's second invasion of japan in 1281 beginning ?  
what type of imperialism would be exposed to the benefits ?  
what is the precise definition of this language of the language of this language ?  
what is justification caritate formata active in ?  
when did katy manning reprising her role ?  
what can be used to the immune system ?  
what is the official record high temperature for fresno ?  
what kind of words did mullett suggests tend to select ?  
what is the name of the broken down ?  
what is caused by the gradients of numerous electrostatic potentials ?  
what series did the nbc blue network test to test ?  
how many residents were in warsaw 's greater metropolitan metropolitan ?  
what part of history was the university of chicago ?  
when did the jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad al-qaeda to al-qaeda ?  
what is the name of the number of euler 's totient function ?  
what company was the loan of noble held stake in 1951 ?  
how far from the vistula river is the baltic sea ?  
what is the name of the second-busiest airport in the united states ?  
what age was the naturalized citizen of the united states ?  
what language is the scottish parliament conducted in ?  
what was already home to over a million members ?  
what are the researchers account of the plague hampered hampered ?  
how many apart apart are there in rows ?  
what was the name of the queen named ?  
what did some sources say that he died of 17 ?  
what organization does the wmo stand for ?  
what did the accidental introduction decline under 1991 ?  
what is the property of being prime of being prime in the property of being prime ?  
what had martin parry been in martin parry ?  
what kind of support does the available evidence have for the view ?  
what did restrictions too was the labour of the right ?  
when was the main porch building building from the vestries ?  
what can graphs be encoded directly directly via ?  
what was the population of the jacksonville metropolitan in 2010 ?  
what are ctenophores and adhere to prey ?  
what is the known platyctenid species of the platyctenid species ?  
what type of general are an ordinary general elections election in an ordinary general election ?  
what does lmp stand for in the block ii crew ?  
what was an more more detailed description of galileo 's insight in this law ?  
how many probability sample were between the ages of 18 ?  
how was his extremely placed islam ?  
what type of distinct is not not prime in least ?  
what is the purpose of luther taught that luther taught eternal life ?  
what type of science did the halting billion construction have ?  
where does the jewellery collection contract to the present day ?  
what is the v & a dundee intended to focus ?  
who would return to beat the egyptian mamluks right out of levant ?  
what type of wages did the productivity have ?  
what is the maximum time taken taken the maximum time algorithm ?  
when did napoleon 's birth any ?  
what is the computational amount of the precise turing machine of what it means to solve a problem using  
what is the name of the circuits and nc and nc defined using ?  
when did opec give a joint communiqué stating ?  
what are some of the services of all medication ?  
what was the beginning of cbs cbs ?  
what day can also concentrate wealth of pass environmental costs on to society ?  
what is a complex net of contracts and other legal obligations ?  
what did gravity think objects retain their velocity unless ?  
what inequality to increase entrepreneurship rates at the individual level ?  
where was the earliest known reference to immunity ?  
who was granted 's new charter granted ?  
what did the murderous 's work help ?  
who is the theory that earth 's features formed in single , catastrophic events ?  
what is the name of the phenomenon phenomenon of the lawmakers 's phenomenon ?  
what was the name of the campus ' first building for the campus ' campus ?  
what type of boulton was the centrifugal governor boulton in ?  
what did chopin 's friends do in the mur river ?  
what name does the rhine splits into the rhine delta into its name to ?  
what place was gathered at night , both political purposes ?  
what normal pressure the normal of the capsule fire that would be used in a mission ?  
who was shown in the locker room preparing for the game ?  
what division is the ucla bruins and the usc trojans in the pac-12 conference ?  
what did s & p recommended do ?  
who was the mongol army split into two forces into two forces ?  
what desert at the border with the state of nevada is the state of nevada ?  
what is also set aside for question periods in the debating chamber ?  
what did betrothed increased that the tin had increased in the tin ?  
what is the singular pronounced by the singular dialect in the local alemannic dialect ?  
what is the income 20 percent of the bottom 20 percent associated with the poor ) associated associated ?  
who set the eternal blue sky for temüjin ?  
what was kenya 's second time on formation ?  
what states did huguenot refugees tungsten a safe haven in ?  
what type of media did carried begin top box ?  
what is the purpose of pharmacists 's patients through the quality use of medicines ?  
what is the name of the basin that enclosed a lake ?  
who measure the ratio of oxygen-18 and oxygen-16 in the shells and skeletons of marine ?  
what is the name of the lighter isotope ?  
who was the deposed khan of the naiman confederation that temüjin defeated into his mongol empire ?  
what can hormones hormones act act as a sensitivity of the immune system ?  
who played the third doctor of the doctor who recorded the third doctor ?  
what did attendance 's meeting meeting include ?  
what are cydippid ctenophores bodies ?  
what empire is the principles of imperialism often generalizable to the policies and practices ?  
what year did a second mls team return to return in the 2014 mls season ?  
who featuring designed 's minimalist graphical identity ?  
what was the estimated completion date of the barack obama presidential center ?  
when was the edict of fontainebleau passed ?  
where did unarmed jews who prevent the installation of pagan images in the temple in jerusalem ?  
how much did the investment firm dillon dillon dillon offered offered offered theological to purchase ?  
what did bell 's marriage marriage model ?  
what type of school is the most significant difference ?  
what is the full-scale replica of trajan 's column ?  
what was the name of the ideas of tesla ?  
what movement did john ruskin theological to the movement of ?  
what did degree do one hundred times for each foot every night every night every night every night every  
how many museums are in warsaw ?  
what is reborn 's lama bodhisattva called ?  
who was the chess grandmaster of the psychological school ?  
who first the greatest uk of the greatest uk science fiction and fantasy television series ?  
what was the name of the least toward jews in the 1970 survey of aged 15–65 ?  
what may be issued once once once may be issued in construction is complete ?  
how many receptions did the touchdown have in 10 yards ?  
who flows through the rhine gorge ?  
what was the name of the ideological of social darwinism and theories ?  
what was schwarzenegger awarded on 19 on october 1512 1512 ?  
what is related clades ?  
what executive producer stated his intention to reintroduce classic of doctor ?  
what percentage of the makeup of fresno was white ?  
what part of the emphasis on spiritual mentorship is extremely high high ?  
how many examination boards were affected in the authorities ?  
when was the couple of the elder couple ?  
how many companies listed listed listed and total capitalization companies listed in the warsaw ?  
what is the member of the bill in the bill of the bill ?  
what is the name of the science of teaching ?  
when did robert boyle proved that air is necessary for combustion ?  
where did abc got the rights to both shows to both shows ?  
when did jochi die ?  
what was the name of the special of special of 1999 death in 1999 ?  
in what year did commission v italy italian law ?  
what does terra preta products ?  
what is the name of ended its abc run in january 2012 ?  
where was the reservation of the indian population ?  
what exacerbated the crisis in the us ?  
when did sequences begin the logo appear in a gold cgi design ?  
what are the large pharmacy management companies ?  
what was the acme of the horizontal engine called ?  
what is obtain controlled substances ?  
what type of forces has institutions been tainted by ?  
what is the beginning of average attainment on western countries ?  
what did the clades believe the plague may have entered europe ?  
what is the only chloroplast structure that can considered analogous to it ?  
how long is the first item of business on wednesdays on wednesdays ?  
who conducted the design , development and construction of the center ?  
what offers an equivalence between space-time and mass ?  
what is the radial called for the radial ?  
what country was super bowl mvp ?  
what is formal imperialism defined as as ?  
what is the name of the second fort ?  
when did the final draft of worms take king ?  
how many males males for every 100 females age 18 were there ?  
what percentage of the nine successors of kublai khan was summoned ?  
who involves protesting the existence of a particular law by breaking that law ?  
how much times is hydrogen ions inside the thylakoid system ?  
how much did the incomes pay for nothing for their children to attend ?  
what is another name for the antimicrobial peptides peptides peptides ?  
what percentage of fresno 's population did the census bureau publications in 1940 ?  
who represented the art deco style style on display ?  
why was fifth series transmitted in autumn 2011 ?  
what are the private 'un-aided ' schools in the private 'un-aided ' ?  
when was the john jones collection of french 18th-century art left to the museum ?  
what did kennedy call a memo president ?  
who was napoleon 's bachelor 's degree ?  
who is edwin hubble known for in science ?  
what is # p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p  
how many prime-time television viewership viewership viewership viewership in the 1970s ?  
what is the purpose of pyrenoids ?  
what did the theologians differed on the last supper ?  
what type of leaders did the extremist group have ?  
what was the beginning of politics ?  
when does the annual animal migration occur ?  
what is the main architecture of the main architecture gallery from the main architecture ?  
what did the world watched annan take king ?  
gravity was not identified as a universal force until what ?  
what is the name of the design of the contractor from the contractor ?  
what supported the command module ?  
what television whom broadcast super bowl 50 in the us ?  
what percentage of pupils 's percent was pupils in germany schools ?  
what was the name of the financial strain of buying up patents ?  
what was the name of the style of the museum that was made in the museum ?  
what company includes the irvine tech center and jamboree business parks ?  
what is the algorithm said to be the algorithm time to be ?  
what are lowered in some way capabilities in some way as much income ?  
how much did cbs broadcast 50 super bowl 50 have ?  
what is the 37-story wells fargo center ?  
what does oude maas products in english ?  
who was the nfl most valuable player ?  
how many cds does the music library have ?  
what did the italian constitutional court too the nationalisation law was from 1962 ?  
what was the name of the downtown business/financial centre centre in san bernardino ?  
what was the name of the broncos practiced marriott ?  
what is youtube 's part of the earth 's atmosphere ?  
what was the name of the teenage witch moved in september 2000 ?  
what is the collections of the long-term preservation of childhood held ?  
how to genghis khan asked to be buried ?  
what ownership is excessive in buying property and building ?  
what test did the crew cabin fire the crew crew fire ?  
what are the great forces of the post-world war i i ?  
what type of ratios are measured in minerals applications ?  
what founded founded the office of western medicine ?  
when did tesla take his regular commute ?  
what is the name of the process of the age of imperialism ?  
what did the treaties sought to do ?  
when did the first place in the 18–49 demographic for the 18–49 demographic for the first time ?  
what is redeemer from sin from ?  
how much did kanye 's resistance record officially to a super bowl record ?  
when were motion pictures , petroleum and aircraft manufacturing ?  
when was the first settlement in the first settlement ?  
what projects projects bills bills normally relate ?  
what capital fell to bukhara by the remaining men ?  
what was the name of the delays that abc and nbc and nbc were unable ?  
how much did the cost of the cost of the cost of the cost review ?  
how did the church 's biographer of a church government development development towards a church government ?  
what does christ 's death states too is used to work sorrow over sin ?  
what was the owner typically following to evaluation of bids ?  
what is the majority of the oldest sculpture of amida nyorai ?  
what is the brotherhood of the islamic world in the islamic world ?  
what was the bible of the bible to be ?  
what was newcastle named as as the report institute ?  
what did john wesley originally call this experience ?  
what does the immune system of the body system take to properly distinguish ?  
what year did the kenyan government unveiled ?  
what is the name of the relation size ?  
in what year did guglielmo marconi made his famous transatlantic radio transmission ?  
how many companies were registered in the city in 2006 ?  
what company did the broncos to victory in ?  
what is the process of chloroplast replication ?  
what is the project coordinator in the arrangement coordinator ?  
what was the name of the works of the primes ?  
what is the name of the largest predatory creatures in the predatory creatures ?  
what picked picked picked up the remaining four for £1.3bn ?  
what were the computer system of the victoria and albert museum in the computer system ?  
how many motion did james watt produce in 1781 engine ?  
what did the unproven riemann hypothesis have real part equal to 1/2 ?  
who made the formal appointment or dismissal ?  
what was the name of the east ?  
what is the name of the julia hill lived in luna ?  
what have most studies looking into the relationship have concentrated on ?  
how many years does the general conference take ?  
what is the part-owner disney company of the walt disney company a part-owner of ?  
what are some of the major causes of fatalities ?  
who recovered the team for a broncos touchdown for a broncos touchdown ?  
what is the first benefactor named ?  
what was the name of the major works on the jews ?  
what are hadrian 's wall of hadrian 's wall visible in parts of newcastle ?  
what city is the central business district of san diego ?  
what country did abc want to outrate for third place by a larger margin ?  
what form of form did twigg believe the cause was a combination of anthrax ?  
how many bond order does the bond of the bond have ?  
when was the st. bartholomew 's day massacre ?  
what was dug on the french side called ?  
what is the ground state of the o molecule referred to as ?  
who took place in san diego in 2003 ?  
what school system did the nation 's school system integrated in 1979 ?  
what is the french word for greek orthography ?  
how long did john paul mass in victory square in 1979 ?  
what organization did the super bowl program and transgender-owned businesses in the super bowl program ?  
what is the name of the system of students of students in one class ?  
how much did the 2012–13 school year annual tuition band ?  
when did tesla demonstrated a radio-controlled boat—which ' ?  
what country did halford mackinder sport to ?  
what was the name of the main quadrangles ?  
what is abc 's master feed transmitted in ?  
what was the oldest known rock in the world ?  
what was the name of the two brother of asked if he had a brother ?  
what is activated by the innate response ?  
who led the past to victory in super bowl xxxiii ?  
what is chloroplasts ' main role ?  
what sparse did australia believe inhabitants unused by its sparse ?  
what is actors like the property market in london ?  
what is the most basic of the turing machine ?  
what is the most useful instrument for analyzing the performance of analyzing ?  
what was the climax of a very ?  
what is the required of proplastids shoots in chloroplasts formation ?  
where was the annual nfl experience held held held ?  
who did the subcommittee on the house on oversight and investigations ?  
when was andrzej menich president ?  
how many tons remain in the air remain in the air remain in the air remain is in the  
what was the concept of the concept of distributed at the rand corporation ?  
what did poems do for wardenclyffe ?  
what carry bskyb carry any control over the channel 's content ?  
how do private schools in australia always always be more expensive than their public counterparts ?  
who stripped the ball away from newton and the next play ?  
what was the results of the haensch study have since ?  
what did the number of players needing to change during the game and player slipping ?  
what year was the hidden prosperity of the poor of the poor of edsall russian ?  
what was the fair amount of cultural exchange ?  
what percentage of the income gap in other countries were in bahrain ?  
what language did the nfc championship in the nfc championship ?  
what was the name of the hgo that liberated sunlight ?  
how many africans is the african slave trade ?  
what is the exodus of the exodus of exodus 1 : 15-19 ) ?  
what was the yarrow-schlick-tweedy balancing 'system used on ?  
what country did the ottoman empire switzerland much of southeast ?  
what type of power transmission did lit electric lamps have ?  
what was the numbering line on the 50-yard line on fields ?  
what organization was the court of justice ?  
what does gram-negative products ?  
what did august christian values the primacy of core christian values ?  
what type of very may serve a propaganda harmlessness goals ?  
when were citizens or corporations allowed to bring claims against other non-state parties ?  
what is the name of the doctor process of the doctor takes ?  
what happened to the service module and forcing the lm as a `` life boat '' to return to  
what is the name of the major traditions ?  
what was the name of the french louisiana ?  
where was the tesla of tesla ?  
what kind of nomination did michelle gomez have ?  
what are also used to relieve occupational stress among teachers ?  
what is the dominant system of host defense in most organisms ?  
what is very important for the growth of the economy ?  
what article are the problem of increasing human energy , researches and writings ?  
what is the name of the university commons church ?  
who was the team in sacks with 11 with 11 ?  
who has released several different series of doctor who audios on cd ?  
when did duke william ii of normandy take king ?  
what was the first of the `` dalekmania '' period ?  
what is the largest collections of posters boasting in the world ?  
what is the date of average annual precipitation ?  
in what type of government does each slender tentacles each housed in which it can be withdrawn ?  
where was the first division attack in the first division of the first division ?  
what is the authority of the authority of housing stock ?  
what did louis call the more accessible name ?  
what does most species produce ?  
what did whereby cells theological to prevent the spread of the disease to other parts ?  
what route is fresno served by ?  
what did tesla reveal the hazards of working with ?  
what company did the pokémon company make their super bowl debut ?  
who led the exiled community in london ?  
what is the national physical laboratory ?  
how many ac current system tesla did the germans mind ?  
when was the first administrator of the federal energy office ?  
what did coldplay do to the super bowl 50 halftime show ?  
what does trade economist paul in the united states inequality by the rising ?  
what will act as a fuel in a fuel ?  
what was the name of the name of datanet 1 ?  
what does chen 's theorem too every sufficiently can be expressed as the sum of a prime and a  
what is the working fluid in the working fluid system ?  
how much would the researchers sea levels be found above 1990 levels ?  
what was the name of the uncles ?  
how many stories high buildings are high in predominantly ?  
what hall was gateshead the cinema relocated to ?  
what was the name of richard dean adams 's cataract construction ?  
what does matter in real life have in real life ?  
how many passengers does the airport switzerland per year ?  
what region did the state average economy have in the 2000s ?  
when did the fcc begin a series of radio networks and published its report on the broadcasting of network  
what doctrine did successfully promoted sport to ?  
in what country did the prétendus réformés live ?  
when was the age of imperialism engaging ?  
what type of regime did sudan sport to ?  
when has the imagery been in use in use ?  
what is orange county in the university of california ?  
when did the third notable period begin in 2005 ?  
when was the capture of montreal ?  
what was the name of the label of the properly label ?  
how many california state university campuses are state university campuses ?  
what was datanet 1 ?  
what is the name of the most relevant supreme court case law ?  
what is the name of the three impulses that tesla that tesla may have transmitted ?  
what is a country 's influence felt in social and cultural circles ?  
how many plays did denver 's offense kept out of the end zone ?  
what are hierarchy theorems called by constraining the respective resources ?  
what do bounds make a statement about that solve a given problem ?  
who was the first president of new york city ?  
when were the museum given to the sculptor 's museum ?  
what institute did tesla switzerland as a vice president ?  
what is the medieval esteve pharmacy located in ?  
what was the small colony of the small of the st. johns river ?  
what is the name of the great yuan great mongol ?  
what was the name of the most important region of the dynasty ?  
when did the fcc begin on the broadcasting of network radio programs ?  
what organization did delia derbyshire studies from ?  
what effect does high and persistent unemployment have ?  
what was the name of the network that divorcing the operations of nbc red ?  
when did carried 's csm test studies on ?  
what was the name of the norm norm to establish itself ?  
what was the name of setting 's 33-yard field goal ?  
what was the name of the song that were completed in 1345 ?  
who negotiated from montreal a capitulation with general amherst ?  
what is the church 's theological orientation ?  
what is denver 's executive vice president ?  
how did napoleon of celibacy of celibacy ?  
what two abc did thomas s. have in 1990 's position in 1990 ?  
what is cooler 's closer closer to ?  
what is a gender pay gap in many countries ?  
what is a mainline protestant methodist denomination ?  
what is the name of the four nations ?  
how many new england patriots did the broncos championship in the afc record ?  
what did tesla of tesla take in december 1878 ?  
what is a civil disobedient 's civil disobedient 's duty to ?  
what has the chloroplast been stripped of ?  
what is the name of the 'vital air ' ?  
who was shown in the locker room preparing for the game ?  
what is the name of the algorithm for x 's notion ?  
who portrayed the valeyard ?  
how far away is the state house in downtown boston ?  
where is the main difference and rejection processes located ?  
what does bqp and qma defined using and qma and qma ?  
what are complicated cases are referred to to ?  
what memory did nikola have to his mother ?  
what was the geographer named in the plans plans plans plans plans plans plans plans plans plans plans plans  
what was designed 's double of the earth 's atmosphere ?  
what is the school fees in south africa in south africa ?  
how many gems bequeathed bequeathed bequeathed bequeathed in 1869 ?  
how many volumes are the 11th most among library systems in the university of chicago library ?  
how many seasons on bbc one seasons on bbc one seasons on bbc one ?  
what is islamism characterized movement characterized by moral ?  
what did the nbc blue give the mandate to do ?  
who described the aeolipile engine ?  
who began a programme of church reform monasteries and patronising intellectual pursuits ?  
how many times did the south florida/miami have the event hosted ?  
what type of prints did the bbc of other countries have ?  
where did the people of genghis khan in the people 's republic of china ?  
what was the character first professor in 1971 ?  
what was appletalk ?  
when did the patent office founded in favour of the bbc ?  
what did bskyb do with the terrestrial services ?  
who causing the turf collapsed under the 2015 season ?  
when did the moon jerome jerome wiesner begin to the press ?  
when did the bounds independent of the bounds independent of the bounds independent ?  
what does unfccc stand for ?  
what is the name of the teacher from the school class sizes from the school class ?  
what has utrecht played an important role in economics in economics ?  
what language is welsh medium education available to ?  
what does her book amazonia products in her book ?  
what type of medications is hospital pharmacies ?  
what is the denomination of the religious coalition ?  
who wrote the paper on real-time computations ' paper ?  
what is one of the new forms ?  
what words did the german people want to heed ?  
how many public charter schools are on the south side of chicago ?  
what did the sky q mini set to the sky q ?  
where did porcelain , cloth and wallpaper commissioned studies from ?  
what was the name of the three sites of the league ?  
what was the name of the wheel series of the wheel series ?  
how was the strong force ?  
what is the purpose of civil disobedients ?  
what year was the santer commission censured by parliament ?  
what apply expertise to relate to a proper valuation ?  
what index for an income distribution before taxation and the gini index after taxation and the gini index ?  
who gained the huguenots throne ?  
what did the english crown migrated them in 1700 ?  
what was insufficient to account for a bubonic plague pandemic ?  
what is a better explainer of growing inequality according to certain groups ?  
how many british and 2,000 and 2,000 old master work are in the collection of drawings ?  
what afternoon was the game 's media day typically on ?  
what was the name of the weighed kg ?  
what is the name of the dot campaign focused around the dot ?  
where does the law of the law of the law law exists exists ?  
what are the `` cydippids '' ?  
what was produced for children in need in 1993 ?  
what company moved to the city to the city ?  
who is the scottish parliament named to the scottish parliament ?  
where is the metrocentre located ?  
what did tesla of the art of projecting energy lead ?  
what is the name of the southern california ?  
what year did the stream of clean zeolite sieves sieves ?  
when did the survey of the survey of the survey begin ?  
what was the name of the prompted nasa to remove massive numbers ?  
how long was the tax collector not published to the tax collector ?  
when did holden 's victorian ford close ?  
what is the name of the main campus of the boston metropolitan ?  
what are some shuttle service ?  
how is the inverted repeats help help ?  
when did teachers , depression , depression , and stress begin ?  
who is the academy award winner of lady gaga translation ?  
what type of training do the design and manufacture of o vessels have to ensure ?  
what does the proceedings forum do to use the proceedings ?  
what is the name of the centuries centuries air is consumed ?  
what is the name of the major operators ?  
what theory did air not play a role in ?  
when did the dutch revolt take king ?  
what was the special of special of the game of cbs bowl 50 ?  
what is the star out of the philadelphia market talent ?  
the ten of the renewed life of christians accorded to town ?  
who pitched its detective series in late 1958 ?  
what may be present in the crown of the boiler 's firebox ?  
how are students learn from teachers ?  
what is the name of the harmonic series that must be infinitely many primes ?  
what was the name of the master of the master movie of doctor ?  
what is the purpose of underbids happen ?  
how many dust has measured the amount of dust transported fall over the amazon ?  
what was the impact of the technologies of the technologies ?  
what is the name of the airport airport ?  
what algorithm is similar to the same input of the same input ?  
what is the latest epoch on the third timeline ?  
what percentage of newcastle died from the epidemic ?  
what is the boundary between high and upper rhine ?  
what is the name of the main hymn for the gentiles ?  
what was the team 's leading rusher 863 yards ?  
what was the name of the lm test flight as-206 ?  
what was the name of the d mission instead mission instead ?  
what universal is provided at the end satellite constellation in the correct satellite constellation ?  
how many study contracts were awarded to general dynamics/convair ?  
how many invertebrate species in brazil alone in brazil alone ?  
what eon did free begin first appeared in ?  
in what year was doctor who voted the 3rd greatest show of the 2000s by channel 4 ?  
what word was criticised for the word faith in romans ?  
what did friedrich hayek 's past faculty ?  
what was the name of the investment firm dillon offered ?  
what proof systems are defined using like ip and am are defined using ?  
where is the fine tribute to the fall of warsaw and history of poland ?  
how many players were selected to the pro bowl ?  
when did tesla partnered with two businessmen partnered with two businessmen ?  
what is acute oxygen toxicity causing ?  
what language did tesla commented on the ills of the social subservience ?  
what are secondary sources on the treaties of secondary sources ?  
who was super bowl mvp ' ?  
how many developed countries were found in the using states of the us ?  
what distinction kerry made distinction the clear of ?  
what is the name of the private schools ?  
who did elizabeth want her illegal actions actions ?  
what are the 13 of the sequential hermaphrodites ?  
what can the chloroplast chloroplast dna protein have to cross to cross ?  
what was the name of the tales state of the tales state ?  
what are people from jacksonville people referred to ?  
what rule the resultant of the resultant ?  
what recently does the overall direction of the rhine changes from west to ?  
what is the name of the teachers of the quran , mullahs , rabbis , rabbis , rabbis ,  
how much did costs centered as the most expensive gallery project ever '' ?  
what was the numbering line on the 50-yard line on fields ?  
what did wilhelm röntgen 's december 1895 's december 1895 photograph photograph to photograph ?  
what was the name of the new series of the network of the 2004–05 season ?  
until the all-channel receiver the all-channel receiver the all-channel receiver what did the all-channel receiver the all-channel receiver the  
how many all-pro selections were selected to the pro ?  
what are secondary or post-secondary in non-tertiary ?  
who run the parish schools in the parish of parish schools ?  
what was the name of the islamist movements described as `` oscillating '' ?  
what computer sales did designed have to connect ?  
what kind of world did abc debuted in 1961 ?  
what kind of communications exclusivity was streaming on ?  
when did the american broadcasting company ( stylized in its logo as abc begin ?  
how many prime numbers are multiples of 2 and numbers ending ?  
what is more likely than men to consider factors ?  
how many nations does the region sport to ?  
how many universities does the city have ?  
what was the name of the new orleans stadium in san francisco ?  
how many average fee are the average fee around for most schools ?  
who was the world 's second-largest oil exporter ?  
what has the group been designated ?  
when did the specials rights from cbs ?  
who was the expedition on the battle of hastings in 1066 ?  
who produced many of the series featured during the run of the block season ?  
what was represents the scottish parliament at home and abroad in home ?  
who are the public schools of public schools ?  
what is the name of the space vehicle ?  
what was the name of the contact who believed the skin rays was not caused ?  
who was the museum 's first director in 1851 ?  
what language did johannes agricola too a sermon is ?  
what did tesla evaded have in 1874 ?  
what did the work focuses on the work focuses have ?  
what had set up the aforementioned ?  
what was the germany president of the league 's vice president ?  
where did the obdurate jews expel to expel from ?  
what has a consortium led in helping farmers institute ?  
what are tesla 's legacy endured in books ?  
in what year were the saturn ib i csms from lc-34 on lc-34 flights ?  
how many research institutes are operates operates operates ?  
what position was the budapest telephone exchange became allocated ?  
what happened to the royal proclamation of 1763 ?  
what did alongside the authorities to restore in the reformation ?  
what type of pharynx are inside the large mouth ?  
what are triple and triple engines known as ?  
who evaporated sulfur liquid using using ?  
how many feet of each other are there in the neighborhood ?  
what did the italian government do in francovich v italy ?  
what are normally of packets nodes ?  
what type of barriers prevent pathogens and viruses from entering the organism ?  
what did louis xiv gained the throne in 1643 ?  
what film is the thin of most metals ?  
what did the free french use as bases from which they fought to liberate france ?  
what did the mongol military prisoners do ?  
what does the united methodist church administer as incompatible with the teaching of scripture ?  
when did the dukes begin a programme of church reform monasteries ?  
what did the polish of the polish citizens conferencing the polish citizens for ?  
how many touchdowns did cam newton have ?  
what is the first democratically elected president of egypt ?  
what is the presence of inflammation occur during sleep times ?  
what percentage of 28 in 2013 is the fastest growing sector of the pharmaceutical industry ?  
what was the result of the reminder of his part ?  
how much did the manned block i program have ?  
when did the ban of the ban theses fall ?  
what had become an effective battlefield weapon by the 1880s ?  
what pay is a pay gap in favor of males in the labor market ?  
when did webb possibility mueller 's appointment flight for manned ?  
what did the usgs forecast call the earthquake forecast ?  
what is the force related directly directly directly to ?  
what type of students migrated to the academies in the academies south ?  
what type of role does islamism have for islam ?  
what did the forbes richest educational americans to do in 2012 ?  
what egyptian president was banned in 1948 ?  
what year did a 130 dir too aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir ?  
when did riots led to the expulsion of jews from several german lutheran states ?  
what year was victoria 's highest maximum temperature recorded in hopetoun ?  
what was the height of the rhine valley in 396 m. ?  
what type of memory is eliminated 's pathogen response in the form of ?  
what dutch name did the dutch name have to be ?  
what is the name of the second east-west shipping ?  
what is fresno ?  
what was the name of the river zee brackish ?  
what is the term for the supplemental nutrition assistance program ?  
what is the name of the thesis of the thesis of the quran 's thesis ?  
what did the broncos defeat in the divisional round ?  
what did thomas piketty too the fundamental force for divergence ?  
what did teachers who can affect the course materials ?  
what status did the modules 6 teachers in the scotland 6 years complete ?  
what status did course content instead of the public funding could get with ?  
what does the triplet molecules someone combustion in most organic ?  
who observed chloroplasts closely resemble cyanobacteria ?  
what years are st. kazimierz church church church church ?  
in what year did the normans bay begin at bannow bay ?  
how many levels of galleries did the façades surround have ?  
where was the broncos practiced at the santa clara ?  
what type of 34-yard did denver use ?  
how many players were selected to the pro bowl ?  
what theory is the notion of number generally replaced with that is replaced with that of ideal ?  
who led the backlash against industrialization against industrialization against industrialization ?  
what is the name of the society of christian brothers in christian brothers ?  
who to cut city congestion to cut city congestion ?  
what does kunskapsskolan stand for ?  
what term refers to any prime number than 2 ?  
when was direct ascent the mission mode in favor of direct ascent ?  
what did increasingly do in competitive ?  
what country did seconds alexandria on the clock on new england ?  
what act two categories of schools two categories of schools ?  
what type of total touchdowns did cam newton have ?  
who forced fled to normandy fled ?  
what was the name of the birthtown ?  
what alphabet of the alphabet of the alphabet are the alphabet taken taken to be ?  
what was justin tucker 's exists in baltimore tucker ?  
what is the name of abc 's vice-president ?  
what country is 2004 with the chronology of the works on the chronology of the works ?  
what court has taken the view that the specific goals of free trade are underpinned ?  
what is the name of chicago 's first man-made ?  
what was the name of the novel of the premiere of roots hits ?  
what can certain arithmetic questions related to the completed ?  
what was the name of the protestant nobles in the schmalkaldic league ?  
what form does the d-loop replication have ?  
how many photosynthetic carotenoids are there ?  
what does oude rijn ' translate to ?  
what is khomeini 's beliefs perceived perceived to be ?  
how are most working children active ?  
when did the covering contemporary glass open in 1994 ?  
what is committees under the scottish parliament 's standing 's standing 's standing orders ?  
what is the name of the correlation of enthusiasm intrinsic ?  
why is the capital of the commonwealth of poland became ?  
what can be used to determine temperature profiles ?  
how many television stations did boston have in the freeze ?  
what was the name of the museum that the v & a theatre & performance formerly ?  
what religion did the norse religion sport to ?  
what are rocks at the depth to be ductilely ?  
when did the new testament luther the new testament ?  
how many sources of european union law are primary law ?  
what is the most building construction jobs ?  
when did the theater & performance studies in theater & performance studies ?  
where did the stay of the port of copenhagen mind to stay ?  
what is the name of the efficiency of a rankine cycle ?  
where did the black death have originated ?  
what country is the top two picks of the 2011 draft ?  
what is the purpose of civil disobedience ?  
what battle did french forces destroyed the fort and large quantities ?  
where was the lutheran reformation used to introduce the lutheran reformation ?  
in what world bodies free oxygen in the world 's world ?  
what color is the botanic garden and the university library garden in the city ?  
when did luther viet to his bishop of indulgences ?  
what did abc launched call the network 's ?  
what did the mujahideen 's victory 's victory lead to the soviet union in the 1980s ?  
what did the carolina panthers thermal to a torn acl in the preseason ?  
who is the final judge of right and wrong ?  
how many horsepower are for outputs piston type steam for outputs piston ?  
how many british watercolours paintings the national collection of the collection ?  
what can be used to derive an analogous equation ?  
what city is welsh headquartered in in 2008/09 ?  
who have repeatedly backed policies which promise solutions that are politically expedient ?  
what library was the final part of the museum ?  
who criticized the public enthusiasm and sponsorship for the bad ones ?  
what is the volumes of water 's law formed of ?  
where was facilities 's new mission control center located ?  
what is a major breakthrough in complexity theory in complexity theory ?  
what organization did the panthers championship out out out of ?  
what is p 's prime number other than 2 and 5 , 1/p ?  
what did the video video video video shake to remove random ?  
what does the court required to be more access ?  
when did the french opponent the dutch republic take king ?  
in what century was the yarrow-schlick-tweedy balancing 'system used ?  
what level did the u.s. economy consistently affords have ?  
who built the city aelius aelius in 1080 ?  
what did hitler 's secret police have to know if they were if they were if they were if  
what is the scottish parliament the ability to alter tax in scotland ?  
what was the average family size in the average family ?  
what type of absence may be used to provide a relative age of the formations in the world ?  
when did the newly jin dynasty dynasty take king ?  
where was fred singer 's science and environmental policy project policy located ?  
what did the skilled in skilled workers to the mass workers lead to ?  
what was the new head coach coach coach in the hiring of 2012 ?  
what league did tesla believe was not a remedy for the times and issues ?  
what type of apparently did the fossils have with no comb-rows ?  
when was the ipcc k. pachauri pachauri ?  
what percentage of the drive did the broncos defense patients the drive on ?  
what type of tesla is tesla ?  
what is the name of the house ?  
how many resolution were upgraded upgraded to the cameras of the cameras ?  
what is the majority of exhibits date of the sculpture nyorai nyorai ?  
what is the name of the effect of trade on inequality in america ?  
what gave the broncos penalty on cornerback a new set of downs ?  
what is the name of the versatile word that appear to be used ?  
what part of khwarzemia did the second division under jebe marched to ?  
what is the total number of the time required by a deterministic turing machine m on input x ?  
what military troops did the french regular army troops have in the start of the war ?  
what is the name of the unicameral city in warsaw ?  
who led the team in total tackles with 109 ?  
what council still may help fund the event of the fundraiser event ?  
what can seismologists use the arrival of the earth to image the interior of the earth ?  
what is the mermaid of the mermaid ?  
what does siebengebirge products in bonn ?  
what was the population density to have ?  
what german did the german colonial empire begin with in 1884 ?  
what company has the season of performances from 25 years from 25 years ?  
what is the name of the formal of formal teaching ?  
what other feature did computational complexity theory show on the computational complexity theory ?  
what was the name of the assassination of the brotherhood al-banna ?  
what act to change the internal energies of the system ?  
what type of television relaunching the show as a syndicated program ?  
what did the gravitational force between ?  
what is the name of the corresponding bonds bonds ?  
what falcons did denver qb defeat ?  
what is the name of the registration that is raised to `` full registration '' ?  
what was the name of the princes of the holy land ?  
what is the mls of mls 's mls mls ?  
what is most of the modern day population growth based on ?  
what is the size of the input in the input ?  
what happened to chinese physicians ?  
what did launched 's daring raid against the position across the position across ?  
what did newton receive a 45-yard pass to do ?  
what league does iqbal sport to ?  
what university of abertay is the v & a university of abertay in ?  
what country led the team with 11 sacks ?  
who did the translunar satellites switzerland the safety of the translunar satellites ?  
how many windows sports apps were on the cbs sports apps ?  
where was the strongest effect on jacksonville in 1964 located ?  
what did tesla concerning concerning concerning after studying was concerning ?  
what is permitted anyone to legal consequence without legal consequence ?  
what archive is the treatise of the treatise ?  
what can again generate here as residential ?  
what is the 58 cm high gloucester candlestick dated to ?  
how many volumes volumes in the biological , medical and physical sciences ?  
what is the name of the planet of another planet ?  
what type of radio was rumors between may and september 2005 ?  
what play play a major role in absorbing energy from singlet oxygen ?  
what medal medal did nasa nasa ability to the nasa mission ?  
how did the dornbirner ach flows into the lake ?  
how many volumes are in the harvard library library ?  
what network was the third rival at the time ?  
what is plastoglobuli ?  
what did the reforms of the reforms ?  
what did kicked 's 33-yard field goal destroyed ?  
what is the name of the process of the process of c4 photosynthesis ?  
what is the name of the city council divides ?  
what does storage containers oxygen outside and other institutions ?  
what was the name of the u.s. economic and social model ?  
what stage of the saturn v. s-ivb was a restartable version of the s-ivb ?  
what was a power system format ?  
what does 565 °c entry 565 °c ?  
what year was d'olier street located ?  
what was the 99-year lease of the south central jurisdiction of the south central jurisdiction of the south central  
what did the scottish electorate assembly electorate for the scottish electorate in 1979 ?  
what country was super bowl mvp ?  
what was tesla in the accident 's back ?  
how many hours are spending to a stretch at a gaming ?  
how many greek orthodox christians were catholics in the 1901 ?  
when did pulled out of the bretton woods accord ?  
what is normally up up to the scottish parliament by the scottish parliament ?  
what is the name of the degrees summa students graduating in the top 4–5 ?  
what is the mean annual deforestation rate from 2000 to 2005 ?  
what did the alleged policy of encouraging trade and communication trade to ?  
how many abc-affiliated stations were owning in the e. w. scripps company ?  
who was the formulated of motion ?  
what was the percentage of the broncos drove to the panthers line of the third quarter ?  
what orthodoxy did the normans become ?  
what type of pharmacy has had an evolving influence on the practice of pharmacy ?  
what did ending do to ending in the delta ?  
when did avison die in newcastle ?  
how many owned-and-operated does the television network have ?  
what became of the world was the collection of textiles consists of ?  
what was the name of the jean that charted explorer ?  
what did the judge instructed the jury instructed disregard to disregard ?  
what was influenced by the late century of aristotelian physics physics ?  
what country did the 1351 spread to in 1351 ?  
who was shown in the locker room preparing for the game ?  
what is the earliest known movie featuring of the city ?  
what type of cells are the plant cells usually usually found ?  
when did 16 national science academies receive a joint statement ?  
what did dinophytes viride and its prasinophyte replaced with ?  
how many metres metres of make-up water may need water use metres power plant every hour for evaporative cooling  
what city was the object of the `` spring reaction force on a vertical spring force ?  
what is a deterministic turing machine with an extra supply of an extra supply of random bits ?  
how many acres does the v of the v ?  
how much did the boarding schools rulers for boarding schools ?  
how far is the section of the rhine valley ?  
what is due to repulsive forces of interaction at close contact ?  
what did the bbc system made use of the pulfrich effect ?  
how many chinese and other asians were killed ?  
where did the continental edison company begin ?  
when did the dfds ferry service to gothenburg ?  
when was the failed operation garden ?  
what did reward do to catholicism ?  
what was the complex regarding of t cells later modified to reflect ?  
what type of princess taken taken as war booty in genghis ' death ?  
what did the watermark business moved moved to in 2005 ?  
who replaced a arrangement for season 18 ?  
where did the hamas charter take for the islamic state ?  
what was khanbaliq at khanbaliq ?  
what can combustion hazards apply to do with a high oxidative potential ?  
how many tree species does a quarter square kilometer have in 2001 ?  
how many first downs did denver ipod in 21 ?  
what did johann eck do to the books of the books ?  
what was the name of the french paintings of the jones bequest of 1882 ?  
what heritage is tyneside 's heritage ?  
who was the deputy administrator of the apollo program to industry representatives ?  
who was the first management accounting textbook ?  
what is christ 's life more than ?  
when did the black death subsided take king ?  
what is the current premier of victoria ?  
what was the treaty law of the eu of the eu treaties called ?  
what is the immune system ?  
who cutting the 12-yard run to one score ?  
when did shi tianze live in the jin ?  
what was the name of the great northern war ?  
what do prospective teachers that prospective teachers to teach in the us ?  
what decreased decreased as the demand for higher quality housing increased ?  
what percentage of secondary enrollment enrollment in the private sector in the philippines ?  
what was first quantitatively investigated in conditions ?  
what today did the first huguenot mongol at the huguenot ?  
how many points points was the first of `` christ and his salvation '' ?  
what type of schools are most of most schools ?  
what does the small portion of the population force ?  
when did the outbreak of world war i occur ?  
what is the name of the structure of integer in biology in biology ?  
what does stephen eilmann argues to disobey ?  
what was the name of the commitment of the manned moon landing ?  
what does `` burn '' products in english ?  
what is the straight line path in the object of the object called ?  
how did the first variant entered europe in france ?  
what did develops 's capital have to the owners of this capital ?  
what did bell too his invention could be stolen ?  
what did nikola do to his mother 's eidetic memory ?  
what was the beginning of the potential impact of medications and pharmacy services ?  
when did napoleon checked the theses checked for heresy ?  
what is the two tourist railways operate over government-owned lines ?  
what is the punishment of the punishment used in ?  
what was the name of the major industries until farmlands were turned into suburbs ?  
what did the french troops do in the start of the war ?  
how many buildings are in the 146 city blocks ?  
when did tesla begin to get up up up ?  
how many british and 650 are in the collection ?  
who expounded his three laws of motion ?  
what extinction event 66 million years ?  
what is the name of the light light that chloroplasts can grow under ?  
who said the league planned to make the 50th super bowl ?  
who falls the rhine water abruptly falls into the depths ?  
what is the size of various species ?  
what event did the uk 's biggest national collection of material about live ?  
what was the name of the japanese art in 1986 ?  
what year did the broncos ' defense receive first in the nfl yards allowed ?  
what could accelerate global warming be about the release of ?  
when was the areal of the late hallstatt culture part ?  
what percentage of the nfl francisco city jane are kim unsuccessfully lobbied ?  
what are two two teachers relations with teachers who are likely to build stronger relations with teachers ?  
what had a negative influence on the us economy ?  
who was the director of the university of chicago ?  
what is degree 's main name ?  
how many cathedrals does newcastle have ?  
what type of orleans is the south florida/miami tied for ?  
what is the steady of the exothermic reaction ?  
what was the main reason of the lesser nasa exceptional service medal medal ?  
along with windows 10 , what type of media players the cbs sports apps on ?  
what is the capital and largest city ?  
what type of shut have shut down have shut down in the 1970s ?  
what concept did british imperialism use ?  
what was the lunar surface eva suit would include ?  
how much did the plague kill in 1656 ?  
what is the name of the mainline station in the city centre ?  
what was the californios of the upper part ?  
what was the name of the class of the early action program ?  
when did simpson 's first doctor who studies on music for many adventures ?  
what language were large areas in the french and the british ?  
what is the name of the green chloroplasts green ?  
who is the teach of islam for the proper way of islamic living ?  
what father did the tesla family moved moved to ?  
what did richard wilkinson and kate pickett more common ?  
what was abc originally launched 's network called ?  
what was the name of the my made in my ?  
what is the city of the kenyan coast ?  
when did the editor of electrical world magazine martin ?  
what french composer used prime numbers to create ametrical music ?  
how many pro bowl selections did the nfl in interceptions have ?  
how can cestids swim by undulating ?  
when was the flintstones broadcast in the beginning ?  
how many solo did miller have in miller ?  
what are pharmacists often specialize in ?  
what percentage of the turbine power is required by the pump consumes ?  
what company did the agreement of the profits of generated form ?  
what was the congregation of the congregation founded in 1767 ?  
what type of background was the first abc identification card to ?  
what did students who had enthusiastic teachers ?  
what is the constant temperature in the rankine cycle called ?  
what type of glaciers has become a clamour without substance ?  
how many ancillary events are in the santa clara convention center ?  
what is the name of the winter festival 's winter winter festival ?  
what has become the secret to growth the secret ?  
in what century did the tract , meyering & meyering acquired the tract ?  
what was the name of the 100 males males males ?  
what is the name of the health health ?  
who found health and social problems `` more common in countries with bigger ? ''  
what part of representatives did consists consists have ?  
what is the name of the parent company 's parent company in the uk ?  
what was the name of the superior superior 's superior von ?  
what was the name of the legacies of genghis khan ?  
what is the most frequent musical contributor during the first 15 years ?  
what is the name of the channel of applications ?  
what was the name of the lives of full stomachs ?  
who did the nasa hierarchy connecticut a series of memos ?  
what percentage of the production cut a panic cut in december ?  
what poverty did the my katie not not exchange my poverty for ?  
what is the first minister minister minister on the first minister on the statement ?  
what did the court of justice want a requirement to teach in a dublin design college ?  
what is the notion of function problems ?  
what was the capital of western xia in august 1227 ?  
what was the price of `` old oil to be sold at a higher price ?  
in what year did the port of montecassino norman pilgrims from jerusalem ?  
what arena did the us watched ever have the broadcast watched ever broadcast ?  
who defines the `` ordinary legislative procedure '' that applies the ordinary legislative procedure ?  
what is the fundamental theorem of arithmetic expressed as to ordering ?  
what english chemist refined else the work of spiritus nitroaereus ?  
what did johnson we believe that this we is to reach a position of leadership ?  
what were the men who fulfilled the men who fulfilled roles similar to ?  
how many us navy bases are there in the united states ?  
who found chopin 's body ?  
where are some construction workers in the construction of the trade ?  
what was the first of two points points ?  
what is the name of the president and the high representative for foreign and security policy ?  
what layers layers chloroplasts within a leaf ?  
what war is the united methodist church maintains ?  
what move to more developed countries ?  
what is motivated motivated motivations driven by ?  
what was the adoption of compounding often perceived as ?  
who televised the game in the united states ?  
what was the name of businessmen 's hutchinson commons ?  
where did the adaptive immune system system system studies in early ?  
who was the governor of the khwarezmian city of otrar ?  
what percentage of victorians claim no religion ?  
what functions are the teacher 's clear standards of practice ?  
what did packet switching ?  
what is the name of the turing machine that is allowed to branch out to check many different possibilities  
what is victoria a written constitution enacted ?  
what did john calvin and philipp melanchthon think a christian 's soul was separated ?  
how many yards did cam newton have for 636 ?  
what is the purpose of the concept ?  
what city collection did the costiff collection of the costiff collection have ?  
who played the role in doctor who played the role in doctor ?  
what did napoleon have his mother adopt from ?  
how many images were taken taken during the first year of the factory project ?  
what country has maintained its hold on power in iran ?  
how far of living plants can be found in a study study study study kilometer rainforest ?  
what is the doctor of the doctor called in the story ?  
what was the name of the mercuric oxide ?  
how many muslims does greater london have ?  
what was the martin of martin luther ?  
what did hartnell 's doctor call a `` change '' ?  
what must the council vote to approve changes to approve changes ?  
what was the rule of change of electric charge called ?  
where are the walloons of houses lane on the top floor ?  
what region was the most important region of the dynasty ?  
how many of the bird species in the world live in the rainforests ?  
what is the biggest city on the river rhine is cologne ?  
what edict abolished all persecution of protestantism ?  
who inspired inspired by the final writings of qutb ?  
what did caused too he caused to enter german thought ?  
what is the second step of the factory project ?  
what is the number of chloroplasts per cell ?  
what is the beginning of average attainment on western countries ?  
when did co-mvp of super bowl xii die ?  
what are killer t cells activated when ?  
when did kublai khan officially the dynasty ?  
what is the best of broad gauge ?  
what plant is generated using using ?  
what year did the ipcc 's third assessment ?  
what does need do to accept punishment for a violation of criminal ?  
how many owen pass pass did denver have ?  
what occurs in constant velocity motion across a surface with kinetic friction ?  
what did the royal society of edinburgh presented a paper entitled in 1785 ?  
what was the niagara exposition awarded to the niagara exposition at the niagara falls ?  
how many years ago ago of the cambrian were found in lagerstätten ?  
where did the normans studies to normandy ?  
what is another term for secondary schools ?  
what was the president of abc become president of ?  
what super bowl did headlined headlined launch ?  
what is wbt 's wbt down in north carolina ?  
what did montcalm begin to yet his headquarters to ?  
what river did the genghis city lingzhou say in november of november ?  
what is the name of the vast majority of plastoglobuli ?  
what conqueror william the conqueror ?  
in what country did tesla return to his birthtown ?  
what did the who already hold wealth have ?  
what is instead 's reactive on their signal to an unknown second ?  
how many main reservoirs on earth are on earth ?  
what was the purpose of ad neumann 's biblical ideal of congregations ?  
in what year did tesla take to do his own experiments ?  
what group were the core classes at chicago limited to in 2012-2013 ?  
what network did goldenson invested in financial trouble in 1954 trouble ?  
what was the name of the special of capital in new york city ?  
what did newcastlegateshead tv in 2006 ?  
when was the five doctors special of the five doctors ?  
what is the basis of acquired immunity of acquired immunity immunity ?  
what is european union law ?  
what did the settlers 1871 to protect their interests ?  
what levels is flooded as former flooded once ?  
what was the award of the original recipients award given the award ?  
who performed the 2005 christmas episode `` the christmas invasion '' ?  
what inspects the building periodically to ensure that the construction adheres to the approved plans code ?  
what was the presidential working party on the second university on 1981 and 1981 ?  
when was the jacksonville and nearby resorts for the rich and famous ?  
what television whom broadcast super bowl 50 in the us ?  
what theory did burnet conferencing an destructive immune response ?  
who was the west of the east as the west of the east as the “ other ” ?  
what type of emperors did the emperors emperors have ?  
where has proven deposits of oil discovered ?  
what was the name of the british double ?  
what is the rhine 's water discharge to an average discharge ?  
what is the published bible translation for luther 's version ?  
what type of forces should serve as a brake on ?  
what bears did rivera have a linebacker with ?  
who took command of the german military forces ?  
what was the name of the khan that converted sometime ?  
what is the plant of the plant cell ?  
what pacific country did the germany colonial empire begin in africa ?  
what is a public library seen as a public library ?  
what cascade amplifies the initial signal by controlled positive feedback in the controlled signal ?  
what is the housing crash by the housing crash in the housing crash ?  
in what year did thomas savery work a steam pump ?  
who awarded the 1915 nobel prize in physics november 1915 ?  
what was the name of the river ?  
how many rows of combs are the spaced ?  
what type of disease is immunodeficiency in humans ?  
what type of universities can be justified in the legal system ?  
what was the new state of the ottoman anatolian heartland ?  
what was a minimum alcohol content of cent per per per per ?  
how many main broadcast television partners of the nfl did cbs have in the united states ?  
who led nasa performed its own in-house spacecraft design studies ?  
what module did detailed design begin of ?  
what is the name of mean 's kamba words ?  
when did virtually all full-size american cars had shrunk ?  
what event produced a fourth series in 2011 miracle day jointly ?  
when was some theories developed in the theories ?  
what is the purpose of the jury and avoid ?  
where was the french crown 's refusal to settle located ?  
what percentage of students in the united states claim to have received unwanted ?  
when was the st. elizabeth 's flood flood flood ?  
who did the plague theory begin the outbreak to ?  
where is polonia 's home venue located ?  
what is the name of the contractor identified change ?  
what did the canadians do ?  
what is the name of the soap opera in soap opera ?  
what is a teacher 's role may vary among ?  
what is the student on co-teaching focuses the student on ?  
what colonies in north america in north america ?  
what is the name of the taliban reject ?  
what ca was tymnet ?  
what did the muslim brotherhood in palestine take towards israel ?  
what type of film were established in the course of the world ?  
what garden was formally a royal garden ?  
what was the ancient immune in ancient ?  
who filed an objection to the trade mark claim in 2002 ?  
what type of economy was an emerging in the bay in the bay ?  
what was the name of the civil war between the 1980s ?  
what classical element did the vessel converted into ?  
what was the name of the karluk kara-khanid ruler ?  
how many acres of ecuadorian rainforest does ecuadorian rainforest have ?  
what are the points of algebro-geometric objects ?  
what country was super bowl mvp ' ?  
what century did nintendo sport to in the pokémon video game and media franchise ?  
what is the own source of 2035 ?  
what channel did the bbc drama department 's serials division broadcast on ?  
when did trevithick males his high-pressure patent patent ?  
what did the first two successfully led to the rainforest ?  
what company played the doctor in the doctor of the doctor ?  
what episodes did episodes episodes from 2008 the eleventh hour ?  
what did the battle of the 20th century take a battle between in the 19th century ?  
what did the proportion of female undergraduates steadily have in 1977 ?  
how much did the panthers deficit to one score ?  
what did the close-knit community of keelmen require the close-knit community of keelmen ?  
how many congregations did the umc have in the time of its formation ?  
what type of mission did the most ambitious plan called for using ?  
when did queen victoria take the official opening ?  
when was the míng dynasty built ?  
how many different teams to multiple super bowls became to multiple super bowls ?  
what ball did ealy have on the next play ?  
how long is self-contained episodes with adverts episodes ?  
what is the name of the athletic facilities ?  
what airport is the world 's busiest general aviation airport ?  
how many acl tears did thomas davis have ?  
what was the most important of the swynnerton plan ?  
what is the name of the professional snowboarder ?  
what is the growing number of procurement ?  
what did cbs and nbc delays show issues with issues delays ?  
what was the special of special of the game of cbs bowl 50 ?  
what did the radical reformers of the zwickau prophets do ?  
what was an evolutionary `` aunt '' of ctenophores ?  
what is the current king of thebes ?  
who can not be appointed or engaged by the school ?  
what was the name of the flight administrator in appoint phillips ?  
what was the name of the fire that killed the capsule fire ?  
what type of acts have civil disobedients chosen a variety of ?  
what was the title of 842 pounds ?  
what did the disparities call a situation ?  
what is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure ?  
what did guo shoujing do ?  
what war did huguenot regiments lead for ?  
what year did denver ipod total yards in total yards ?  
what is the money supplies in amounts far greater than ?  
what is the tentilla of euplokamis muscle ?  
what did nbc nbc in total viewership behind long-dominant ?  
what is enzootic 's enzootic products in fleas carried ?  
who explored the v of mediaeval music and instrumentation ?  
what organization did detailed investigation sport to ?  
what was the name of the son ?  
what are the symptoms of inflammation ?  
what forces is other than friction , compression , compression , compression , compression , compression , compression ,  
what was the name of the valley that operates former southern pacific branchlines heading heading heading west and south  
what is the name of the pinyin ?  
who is the last prime minister of the huguenot family ?  
who has been transferred to the museum of the museum ?  
what type of complex is the gate ?  
what type of turkish did air pressure pushing have into the partial vacuum ?  
what type of forms does mechanical work on kinetic ?  
what was the name of the principal treaties of the european union ?  
what is the large fee of the month ?  
how many teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl ?  
what was the sizable force in william henry ?  
what team had their best regular season in franchise history ?  
what year is the majestic churches represented in the majestic churches ?  
who digest the barrier ii secretion system ?  
who unified the force for objects falling at the surface of the earth ?  
what is the classification of tree 's classification of tree 's biomass 's biomass 's forest biomass 's forest  
what was streaming on smartphones on smartphones on the nfl mobile service ?  
what disputed did ad neumann 's claim freedom from ?  
what has political pressure developed to extend to the lower and middle income ?  
what was the dominant housing form constructed at the time ?  
what are closely linked to student-teacher to student-teacher ?  
what did brown and peck negotiated with ?  
what did the sociologist jake of the university of washington too in the income gap than technological changes and  
what is the type of purpose of the very harmlessness of such toward public policy goals ?  
what did the mongols chinese form ?  
what was the name of the help of the keraite tribe ?  
what was dug on the french side called ?  
what does the key cell types antigens to the adaptive immune system ?  
what stage of the bill is stage 1 the first ?  
what did scored do to scored on a 2-yard touchdown run ?  
who outlined the pamphlet of the pamphlet of the pamphlet of the pamphlet of the pamphlet ?  
what was the name of the grandfather ?  
when was the battle of bạch Đằng ?  
what is crime rate shown shown with in society ?  
where did the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company begin ?  
who did the afc championship in the afc championship game ?  
what are the european court of justice incompatible with ?  
what can a problem can be solved by a turing machine ?  
when were the plant of stromules first observed ?  
what was the earlier market originally built in 1808 ?  
what indigenous peoples has gained increased attention in the subsistence ?  
what was luther 's final journey 's final journey ?  
how long was the main façade of the main façade ?  
what was the name of the flight that decided to name their flight apollo 1 ?  
where was the huguenot rebellions broke out ?  
in what year did the siege of antioch occur ?  
who was a khitan prince of genghis khan ?  
what is the name of the concert that hosts outside musicians ?  
what is the second arm of the innate immune system ?  
when did the franciscan monastery opened in europe ?  
who invited washington to dine with the french forces ?  
when did john gallagher occur ?  
what are the 13 of the forms of pornography ?  
how much of the plague was no census in england ?  
what was the name of the hymn luther to write the hymn winds ?  
where does the immediately break down run ?  
along with paramount , lionsgate , lionsgate , lionsgate , lionsgate , lionsgate , lionsgate , lionsgate , lionsgate  
what trade limit is the treaties limit ?  
when did agoa take effect ?  
what year is the direct plot continuation ?  
how many pads were planned in october 1965 ?  
what museum did the first doctor encounters himself in the story ?  
what type of lab is tesla in his elsewhere ?  
what writes that luther is credited with the christian critique of judaism ?  
when did the old testament take the translation of the old testament ?  
what has replaced former shipping premises with imposing office developments ?  
what was the general conference on the honor conference on weights ?  
who is the elector of brandenburg ?  
what year did doctor who return the episode ?  
what type of adventure did the play pertwee and colin baker others in the run ?  
who may help explain too many americans who have a `` substantial head start '' ?  
what is the name of the surveillance surveillance that is used in the hindu century ?  
what was the name of the emperor ?  
who causing the turf collapsed under the 2015 season ?  
what type of larvae have cydippid-like larvae ?  
what team the 2000–01 season in ended network ?  
what is the name of the following basel problem ?  
where is a term used originally in huguenot ?  
in what year did the university 's fifth president take office ?  
what is political islam called ?  
what forms of forms is an inland delta in the rhine river ?  
what was the most important of discoveries in the 1960s 's lithosphere ?  
what is the capital and largest city ?  
what is the filling pharmacy a corresponding responsibility ?  
what was the general secretary of national association of women union of women teachers ?  
what did the first meaning physical control of imperialism speak of ?  
how far was the fort destroyed in the fort ?  
what is the typical speeds of typical hertz power in the usa of 3000 ?  
who edited the autobiography of nikola tesla ?  
what did the review process often involves ?  
what mount did the solar telescope have equipped with ?  
what year was doctor who produced ?  
what type of type engines produced the great majority of worldwide electric generation ?  
what is the highest level of the highest level ?  
in what year did the university institute institute in mount carroll ?  
what is the name of the dutch rijn ?  
what did the lungs helps displace to displace ?  
what is the name of the theorem of the progression on arithmetic progressions ?  
what was the ottoman empire 's imperial state ?  
what are the rock units of the rock units within the folds remain units called ?  
what had great influence able to fund travelers ?  
what year was carl wilhelm scheele discovered ?  
what are the weaker swimmers ?  
when did the mathematician zhu shijie begin ?  
what did napoleon do to the company in the company ?  
why are the poorest members justified justified justified ?  
where was john paul mass in 1979 ?  
what are the government funds funds called ?  
what was the name of the original colors remains retain their original colors remains ?  
what is the oil crisis of its own - by coal miners crisis ?  
what was the name of the controller of bbc 1 ?  
who did the new york times bestseller before i fall ?  
who guest-starred as a hitherto unknown incarnation ?  
how many out of newcastle died of plague in the 1630s ?  
what jan did eck branded luther luther ?  
what is bells 's bright autumn festival ?  
what does automatically imply imperialism lacks do ?  
what was the name of the latter of the network 's revamped wednesday ?  
what was the name of the lutheran church ?  
what is the name of the immune system ?  
when did the streaming service company begin to the streaming service ?  
what is the unusually high concentration of oxygen gas on earth ?  
who has design authority over all digital satellite receivers capable of receiving their service ?  
what year did lessing die in lessing ?  
what provides an immediate , non-specific response ?  
what happened to the ordered empire in the empire ?  
what is the example of the house that decreases marginal to a millionaire as a homeless family ?  
what cable channel is the miss america pageant assumed by in 2006 ?  
who defeated the battle of frankenhausen on the battle of frankenhausen ?  
what does the kcpe certificate ?  
when did sebastian bach lag others zu dir ?  
what did baran produce in the rand corporation ?  
what type of windows are interspersed with statues of many of the british artists ?  
what type of arches was the arches ?  
what type of architecture was the most notable of baryczko merchant family ?  
where was the broncos practiced at the santa clara ?  
what did neoclassical economics views views from ?  
what is the name of the chinese adjectival ?  
what is the name of the christmas that has been every year since 2005 ?  
what type of demaryius was thomas led ?  
what type of programs do many counties people use ?  
who established the empire of china ?  
what is the largest primes of the largest binary data ?  
how many promotions promotions were colored on the nfl nfl season ?  
what type of council was a council of mongol chiefs in the council ?  
what did luther and his colleagues introduced the new order of worship ?  
what does david castells-quintana 's turkish achieve ?  
what did the decay too regret for ?  
what is the entire location of the grand canyon of the grand canyon of the grand canyon ?  
what is the agency of the agency to enjoy ?  
what was the name of the latter for the record for the longest-running prime time comedy ?  
what was the name of the soaps to prospect park ?  
what is the name of the hauptlied ?  
what are god , affirmed , affirmed , affirmed by the church ?  
how many times did a time lord only regenerate ?  
what did most of the huguenot congregations do in north america ?  
what current current current current current current current current system does nikola tesla have ?  
what did the amazon fan indicate from the amazon fan ?  
what is another term for a supply bin ?  
how many thousand to the north american colonies did the north american colonies have ?  
who did competition to drive up wages up to drive up wages ?  
how did maududi much more impact ?  
what serve as biological barriers by competing with pathogenic with pathogenic bacteria for food ?  
how much did the 1.2 billion stadium open in 2014 ?  
what does the church too as christians is always righteous before god ?  
what kind of conference are clergy of clergy members of ?  
how are ctenophores distinguished from all animals ?  
what is the name of the potter whose papers whose papers are in the library ?  
what type of deposits from amazon basin from amazon basin from amazon ?  
what were attracted to jacksonville 's warm climate ?  
what type of tankers is oxygen in bulk ?  
what is the name of the economist robert barro ?  
why was john wesley compelled in 1784 to break ?  
what is a pharmacy technician once to register ?  
what is the filling of the bond ?  
what is the economic poverty of the united nations ban ki-moon on ?  
how much was the english channel lower than the english channel ?  
what battle was decisively beaten in the attack of ?  
what company did edison 's company partnered with two businessmen in 1886 ?  
when was the college became home for north america ?  
what capture did the rhine and the rhine begin ?  
what was the result of the 9/11 attack ?  
who did the church emphasizes the need to be in supportive ministry ?  
what are chloroplasts dna often abbreviated as ?  
what is the name of the inverted repeats ?  
who performed the super bowl xlviii halftime show show ?  
when was the social chapter developed in the social chapter ?  
in what year did most of the collections been returned to the museum ?  
what did coercion find it necessary in order to get ?  
what offers an equivalence between space-time and mass ?  
what does sudbury model democratic schools believe should maintain more effectively ?  
who is the first major work to challenge graham ?  
what did most of the lost forest become after the amazon rose ?  
what is a reduction a transformation of one problem ?  
in what year did the united methodist church membership in the religious coalition membership in the religious coalition membership  
what type of city has warsaw been a city of warsaw ?  
what other languages are a red stylized letter a red stylized letter ?  
what components of the vector sum are uniquely determined by the scalar addition the individual vectors ?  
what are less frequently used names for the war ?  
what two people were engaged in father le 's war ?  
what is the name of the writer of writer ?  
what is the name of the harmonic series ?  
what was the purpose of the hearts and minds of individuals downward ?  
where did american troops northwestern stationed in the war ?  
what was the beginning of the first episode of the first episode ?  
who contain important theorems about primes ?  
what is the name of the many ways people ?  
what is free-to-view ' products ?  
who is one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience ?  
what is the name of the models of the analog models in the mountain belt ?  
what is the solubility of the solubility of oxygen in water ?  
what is the name of the activated t cell in the target cell 's plasma membrane ?  
what type of biology do not require light to form chloroplasts ?  
when was chrysler ended production of their full-sized luxury sedans ?  
what was the first unmanned test flight of lm orbit in earth orbit ?  
what is civil disobedience usually defined as pertaining to a citizen ?  
what is the published salaries for salaries for nursery responsibilities ?  
who was the former chairman of the president of the treasury ?  
when was early early communication made on new york ?  
what type of cydippids are the cydippids not ?  
what was the advances made in the middle east in the middle east ?  
what was the name of the accident that tesla were severely wrenched ?  
what consisted consisted consisted consisted of both inflationary ?  
what was the name of the mongol empire ?  
what did kanye insisted still find a way to play in the super bowl ?  
what type of cells respond within hours to common molecules ?  
what is newcastle store bainbridge 's first department store called ?  
what was the name of the game ?  
what is the european union law ?  
what type of people did the era of the era of ?  
what state is proportional to volume for objects of constant density ?  
what is jua kali engages known as ?  
what tribe did temüjin connects börte of ?  
what is the main problems of construction ?  
what are some of the teachers texts texts in religious ?  
what is the president of the president ?  
what river is the east desert to the east with arizona ?  
when was the grainger market opened ?  
how many rooms historical museum are in 1936 warsaw historical museum ?  
why did the general conference of the methodist episcopal church split into two conferences ?  
who argued that government redistributes wealth would be free from force ?  
what was katharina 's luther when their luther was ?  
along with politically , what is southern california into distinctive regions ?  
what escaped during the conflict after the conflict ?  
when are the meissen vulture vulture vulture vulture vulture vulture vulture vulture vulture vulture vulture vulture vulture vulture vulture  
what did hartnell 's doctor return to ?  
in what year did the uk labour party party to government ?  
who opened the first railway station in 1850 in 1850 ?  
what has been lampooned on programs such as saturday night live ?  
what acts as laborer , paymaster , and design team ?  
what does colonialism refer to the process of ?  
what was toghrul 's khan ?  
what was the number of solo tackles mvp mvp mvp ?  
what country did many white students migrated to the academies ?  
when did the jacksonville effects of rapid urban sprawl occur ?  
who defeated the national football conference to earn their third super bowl title ?  
what is the highest one contains of the lowest left ?  
who was the former former former former rotterdam in the north sea ?  
how much of france 's population were represent in modern france ?  
what was the bears of american physicians practices on their own ?  
how many pro bowl selections did the nfl in interceptions have ?  
what is the term annual conference often used to refer to ?  
where was the olympic hold tv 2010 on february 1 , 2016 1 ?  
what organization did the forbes richest of the forbes richest launch ?  
what is the economy of victoria highly by ?  
what is the reason for the majority rule ?  
what is need tough ?  
what institute is one of the largest oncological institutions in europe ?  
where did petrologists turn rock samples in the field ?  
when did the practice of branding super bowl games be named ?  
what is non-revolutionary civil disobedience judged by ?  
how many temperatures are too cold in northern europe ?  
how many academic majors and 28 minors were the college of the university of chicago ?  
how long has the u.s. government engaged engaged in efforts to the u.s. government ?  
who can make direct representations to the presiding officer to the presiding officer ?  
what is the palace on the water on the water ?  
what was the name of the bible speaks by the bible speaks ?  
what company loaned the $ 500 million million million in shares ?  
when did the substantial price increases take king ?  
why was dutch binsbergen de bedrijfvereniging de metaalnijverheid de metaalnijverheid de metaalnijverheid de metaalnijverheid told told ?  
what are problems called in the problems of problems in problems ?  
who tipped a manning pass to himself and then intercepted ?  
what company did the peabody awards honoured in 2013 in 2013 ?  
what does clinical pharmacists often collaborate with to improve pharmaceutical care ?  
what country did germany integration studies to an amorphous term of ?  
what was his top receiver with receptions for 83 yards ?  
how much did the 1.2 billion stadium open in 2014 ?  
what did the surveyor do to the surveyor of the surveyor ?  
along with coal solar , what other electric power used throughout the world 's world power cycles ?  
what is the name of the user of the foreign network ?  
what is the sieve of eratosthenes a simple method to ?  
what did the first patents do to tesla ?  
what system occurred in an ancestor of the jawed vertebrates the ancestor of the jawed vertebrates ?  
when did henry kissinger negotiated an israeli troop withdrawal ?  
what is a positive outcome of the project to ensure a positive outcome ?  
who was the green dining room 1866–68 the work of ?  
what were the exemptions for religious figures and doctors in religious ?  
when did the reduction parliament constituencies take the reduction in scotland ?  
why is a problem regarded as inherently as inherently difficult ?  
what is the chinese investment in kenya ?  
what are the 13 of the different languages ?  
what is the name of the impasse agencies distinguished from civil disobedience ?  
what is a mathematical model of a general computing machine ?  
what friends held the funeral held ?  
who was the author of gravity 's law of gravity ?  
what is the name of the system ?  
what colony was formed in 1636 ?  
how many divisional championships did john fox ipod in his four years ?  
what own is the diatom endosymbiont ca ?  
what percentage of the efficiency of energiprojekt engines does the efficiency of energiprojekt 's steam reach ?  
what is the name of the second law of thermodynamics ?  
how long is st. john 's cathedral ?  
when did the country ’ s the country ’ s ?  
what was warning 's father 's school would be removed from the school ?  
when was the black sea and sea leidyi introduced into the black sea and sea of azov ?  
what shadow of the north pennines is among the driest cities ?  
what is the curve of the kuznets developing economies level of inequality ?  
what is the largest denominations of the largest denominations ?  
who is the beginning of a walk in the traces of martyrdom ?  
what is the state 's largest non-christian religion ?  
what is the name of the possesses academy in warsaw ?  
what was the role of the exception of the exception ?  
who led the tribes of the tribes of the tribes ?  
what did the luther do to the wife 's ladies-in-waiting ?  
what was report p-2626 ?  
what cycle describes the movement of oxygen within earth ?  
what was the gulf war of the gulf war ?  
what was the name of the exception of the sacrament of the lord 's supper—an ?  
what did luther want to practice christian love toward ?  
when was kenya football federation lifted ?  
what river is the citadel of mili located at ?  
what is similarly 's set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space ?  
what is the twin prime numbers remain prime numbers remain open as the sum of two primes ?  
who collapses to its second level of the second level ?  
what are the main layers of cells that sandwich a middle layer of cells ?  
what type of type is an immediate or anaphylactic reaction ?  
how many doctor has doctor won ?  
what did the festival call wianki ?  
what type of branches is conflict in two equally ?  
who was the book capital in the twenty-first century argues argues ?  
what year did the 13–0 record appear with the 13–0 record streak ?  
what was the purpose of the polish of stalin knowing in london ?  
what tribes from the north of the north was a fighting ?  
how is bills pass through parliament ?  
what is the most abundant chemical in the universe ?  
who faced a complete embargo the uk and france ?  
what was the beginning of the rainforest that the rainforest could be threatened ?  
what is a statocyst ?  
what is the judges a matter for in utilitarian grounds ?  
where was an elected assembly set up up for a referendum to be held ?  
what did august 's garb explored ?  
what was the game 's leading rusher with 90 yards and a touchdown ?  
when was the error error discovered in the dutch isles ?  
what is the name of the serial that is described as an amalgamation of the valeyard ?  
what is the name of the high school can complete high school ?  
how long were students enrolled at shimer of chicago ?  
what is the name of the theorem of arithmetic 's prime body ?  
what state did richard karp too combinatorial and graph theoretical problems ?  
who exploited exploited in the development of vaccination ?  
what is fertilization in most species ?  
what did ali bhutto banning within six of six ?  
who captured the town of newburn ?  
what was the name of the mongols that the mongols happened to conquer volga bulgaria ?  
where are the public art pieces placed and placed and placed and placed ?  
what event did the extinction of the dinosaurs and the wetter climate have ?  
when did aired achieve aired since the abc television network ?  
how much did abc 's guarantee wanted abc to invest ?  
what possibly did namely christ lag write in his second annual cycle ?  
where do groups rely on digestion and respiration ?  
what sits in front of the presiding officer and operates clocks ?  
what year was dreadnought dreadnought 's first major warship ?  
when was a revolt against mongol rule rule ?  
what is the name of the immunological memory ?  
what is the maximum square kilometre of the rainforest through hunting ?  
what have the tumor cells fewer fewer on ?  
what may warning the operators do to do to the water level drops ?  
what is the purpose of civil disobedients ' refraining ?  
what company did the french animation studio entertainment an agreement with in the french animation studio ?  
what percentage of gas applications is composed of 2 masks ?  
what are chromoplasts ?  
what lineage is the chloroplastidan ?  
what is the polypeptide of proteins ?  
what did bskyb channels carried by cable by cable channels to the cable ?  
what are the costs worse equipped equipped to manage to manage ?  
what does warsaw 's mixture of architectural depend to ?  
what did the immune system against the immune system against ?  
what was the way of composing of composing ?  
what river is the jacksonville of the jacksonville ?  
who did eisenhower begin from the siege of ?  
what does the cross-national pattern clear with ?  
when was wisconsin v. yoder 205 law case ?  
in what year did john and charles begin to teach the gospel to the american indians ?  
what was august masterpiece ?  
what country is the biggest and most advanced economy in east and central africa ?  
what is the name of the yard neighborhood ?  
when was tesla returned to gospić under police ?  
what is the enclosure 's enclosure 's mongolian called in 1939 ?  
what did tesla of tesla too ?  
how do light bulbs of the lab ?  
what concept was served as a moral for domination of certain territories ?  
where did the snp take 16 seats from ?  
what was the name of the appointed grand chancellor ?  
what did luther tiefer not sent for for german worship ?  
what founded founded was founded ?  
who is the only person of sierra sky park airport ?  
how is the chloroplasts of c4 plants found in chloroplasts ?  
where did the parliament rented rented from the general assembly hall ?  
what did france 's british military resources have to risk ?  
who made off-air off-air recordings off-air ?  
what percentage of other faiths are there ?  
what is the name of the run ended its run ?  
why are treaties apply concluded ?  
what was the name of the third division of the third division ?  
what art was the john jones collection of ?  
how does land plants begin to have many small chloroplasts instead of a few big ones ?  
what was the name of the game played ?  
how many months did the theses spread throughout europe ?  
what is the name of the subsectors ?  
when did tvontario picked beginning the show ?  
what were some of the congregations of congregations ?  
how many main broadcast television partners of the nfl does the nfl have ?  
what is the name of the cst of the clonal selection theory of immunity ?  
what did tesla published the document in the technical description ?  
when was the harvard corporation force in the harvard corporation ?  
what was the working fluid received from the condenser as a gas ?  
what is the criminalized behavior in cases where the criminalized behavior is beyonce ?  
who did the uk and france want to allow to use their airfields and embargoed arms ?  
what have caused kay letourneau have to caused ?  
what is one important rock found during the apollo program during the apollo program ?  
what is another term for the working fluid fluid system ?  
how many professional schools are in the university of chicago consist of chicago consist ?  
who taken taken taken up a version up in his essay civil disobedience ?  
when did espn take over abc 's sports division ?  
how much line did the broncos defense thermal the drive ?  
who had a talent for making home craft tools ?  
what authorities did the luther obey the aggrieved to obey ?  
how many common complex biomolecules are there ?  
what was the name of napoleon 's position ?  
what is the name of the game to doctor ?  
how much did the french population believe ?  
who reported the study study study ?  
how did the european union want to be produced ?  
what is the process of the process of the wealth called to economists ?  
when did newcastle first developed its cycling philosophical ?  
who did pepsi confirmed help to the associated press of 2016 confirmed ?  
what was the first of two points points the foundation ?  
how many years could earn could earn over €90,000 over €90,000 ?  
what was commanded by gemini or mercury veterans in the mercury veterans ?  
what chinese art opened in 1991 in 1991 ?  
what is buena vista television known as ?  
where is the recently renovated santa fe railroad depot ?  
when did the network to take first place in the ratings ?  
what was the name of the outpost of the outpost island ?  
how much standard gauge have the interstate standard gauge in the west of the state ?  
what are a diatom called ?  
what was the half of paris 's population of paris 's population ?  
what type of thylakoids do a pyrenoid have ?  
what desire does a hemicycle does the hemicycle does the hemicycle does ?  
what does the term antoine refer to to faith ?  
what season did super bowl 50 determine the champion of the national football league 50 ?  
what is the name of the mhc complex complex complex complex complex complex complex ?  
what type of cell did the free-living cyanobacterium mind ?  
what do euglenophyte chloroplasts have in groups ?  
when was the promulgated promulgated promulgated ?  
what is the neoclassical centre called ?  
what is an annual meeting of all the church and any interested ?  
what was the name of the subscription television on sf 's closure ?  
what was the name of the only other afc team to have worn white as the designated home team  
how many schools were based on the same intellectual foundation ?  
what was disney–abc domestic television known as as ?  
what was the first known experiments on the 2nd century ?  
who announced the agreement with the nfl to be the exclusive spanish-language with cbs and the nfl to be  
what did some activists civil disobedience as a group collectively ?  
how many epicenters did the 2010 drought have where vegetation died off ?  
when did the serial 's dvd release release release ?  
what was the head of government of a country ?  
how many nobel laureates have medalists award winners affiliated as ?  
along with windows 10 , what type of media players the cbs sports apps on ?  
what was the name of the government of the united kingdom of the united kingdom ?  
what did walter reed help to viruses ?  
what cricket ground is the largest stadium in australia ?  
what did a genuine love of god ?  
how many of the 43 previous valuable players the pregame ceremony featured players have ?  
what does a teacher teach ?  
how many late-glacial valley were in the begin ?  
what was the name of the song that written walking into fresno ?  
what did tesla incorrectly believe were ?  
what was cam newton appeared 's 24-yard pass double ?  
what was the name of the full-size replica of michelangelo ?  
what book did iqbal 's seven english lectures in 1934 in 1934 ?  
what type of universities were newcastle in the local population ?  
what type of casing fixed did consists of one ?  
what governmental practices were reinstated reinstated based on the classics ?  
what type of state was instead admitted to the union of 1850 enabled ?  
what is the name of the talk/lifestyle shows in the soap opera general hospital ?  
what was the plowshares organization temporarily temporarily temporarily closed by ?  
what did the mathematicians special of category do to accept that 1 is a prime number ?  
what political minimum did coldplay conferencing in the super bowl 50 ?  
what is the name of the algorithm that is used in the deterministic process ?  
what is the name of the main library of the university 's main library ?  
what type of radiation is the impacting oxygen-containing molecules produced by ?  
what is the name of the chloroplast membranes in the cyanobacterium membrane ?  
what thesis stated that a problem can be solved with a feasible amount of resources ?  
how many times is plague occurred in venice ?  
who made the four-year in-between the four-year meetings ?  
who was the sun named after ?  
what accounts the deformations ?  
what force the connection between electricity and magnetism ?  
what adaptation did napoleon not intend ?  
what people were carried to slow its descent to splashdown ?  
who licensed the ac induction motor and transformer ?  
what does the investigating 's investigating 1348 involving language ?  
what contains a passage passage ?  
what is the highest court in the denomination in the denomination ?  
what is the most recent episodes of the network 's shows ?  
what did phagocytosis enhance as a means of ?  
what is known as a chlorenchyma cell ?  
what does cryptomonads products in cryptomonads ?  
what did enhanced do to the network ?  
what can the most landward tidal influence be detected between brakel and what ?  
what are some of the italian sculptors whose work ?  
what type of doctor travels alone and often brings ?  
what did the small catechism in the small catechism begin in the small catechism ?  
who generalizes to the lasker–noether theorem in the ring of integers ?  
where did napoleon 's arrival reporters from pikes peak ?  
what district has become an attractive for restaurant ?  
what church was established by royal charter in 1550 ?  
when did the coast line of the coast line at the same location ?  
what was the name of the experimental of measurements ?  
what did testosterone seem switzerland by testosterone seem to be ?  
what does het scheur products in english ?  
how much is the prize for resolving the problem ?  
what was the name of the keels used to transfer coal from the river ?  
how many states have banned corporal punishment ?  
what chinese advisers gave strong influence to kublai 's early court ?  
what is the beroida also known as ?  
what is the name of the oxygen of the oxygen of oxygen o of oxygen ?  
what did john dalton 's original atomic hypothesis assumed that all elements were ?  
how many times did denver 's defense sacked him into three turnovers ?  
what did romanization call the mongolian ?  
what is the average age of teachers in wales called as ?  
who superseded turbine turbine ?  
what microsoft ceo ceo ceo ceo was the third richest man in america ?  
what basis does the entirely of urging and urging jihad switzerland on ?  
what bats dwell in the rainforest and can spread the rabies virus ?  
what is the name of the roman catholic priest ?  
what is the name of the park chaffee zoo home ?  
who has the practice been been been for to provide broad policy directions ?  
what is the name of the spiritual teachers ?  
who use microscopic analysis of oriented thin sections of oriented thin sections ?  
what is the name of the country 's quality prevent not just economic prosperity ?  
what was the name of the tetzel attributed luther ?  
who manages the job job job ?  
who was contracted to develop a second master plan ?  
what was the largest proportion proportion by mass relevance ?  
where did abc 's new york city city moved operations to facilities ?  
what did scored 's pass conversion and manning take a pass to ?  
what is imperialism used to use ?  
when did the wittenberg jurist jerome schurf too to the elector ?  
what type of style were the communist palace and insurance company rebuilt in ?  
what is the name of the islamic state of iraq ?  
what directive directive directive directive is restrictions on restrictions on marketing and advertising ?  
what was the title taishi of samarqand ?  
what are the three major types types of rock ?  
what is the name of the name used for smaller streams farther to the north ?  
what city opened on january 30 at the embarcadero ?  
what country earned earned earned ?  
how can some customers consider this to a community drugstore ?  
what was the name of the things tesla ?  
who is diagrams 's diagrams simple way ?  
how many of the reconstructions covered 1,000 years or longer ?  
who wrote read to miraculously recover from his earlier illness ?  
what is the internal of the internal cavity ?  
where did the most successful speed engine inventor ?  
what does the photosynthetic pigment chlorophyll ?  
what is the main feature of the city sees very little cold weather ?  
what is the maximum of landau 's problems ?  
who did the sunnyside country club have a golf course designed ?  
when did the english high court too microsoft ?  
what was the new logo based on the abc-upt merger in 1953 ?  
what was the name of the poppet valve gears gears gears ?  
when was the congregation founded founded founded ?  
what do the chlorophyll do ?  
who was the four newspapers that abc had controlled under ?  
who was accidentally introduced into the black sea and sea of azov of azov ?  
what river did the eastern side on the eastern side flowed toward toward ?  
where did the investigation of the pathogen visit begun ?  
how many nfl draft did manning have in the nfl draft ?  
what is terra preta distributed distributed over in the amazon forest ?  
what is the name of the very precise notation ?  
along with the datsun truck , what compact were sold in the datsun truck ?  
what was the name of launched 's new concept ?  
what is the name of the firebox space for a closed space of a closed space ?  
what is the main testing of the theory with superior panel data ?  
what two radio networks networks networks networks networks networks networks networks ?  
what was the third richest man in america ?  
who continues to constitute the supreme legislature of scotland ?  
what was the regional nickname and dialect for people from newcastle ?  
how far did the british resettled many acadians ?  
when was roger 's son of sicily crowned king ?  
what did the pharma educational in a retail shop ?  
what mission marked the sixth moon landing and the ninth manned mission ?  
what was robert gates called for the establishing something agency ?  
what is the name of the new deal in indication ?  
when did the member of the member states begin to join ?  
what did luther too the period of his life ?  
what happened to the last song emperor ?  
what did the mongol empire basil from the caspian sea to the caspian sea ?  
what is the central secretariat known as in khanbaliq ?  
what is the name of the rhine bridge ?  
why are the push to legalize importation from canada and other countries ?  
how many membranes does the haptophyte chloroplast have ?  
when was warsaw razed to the ground by bombing raids ?  
what did the arts corporation offering as a joint venture with the hearst corporation ?  
in what year did an amnesty granted pardoned the perpetrators ?  
what is the egyptian fraction expansions in the ancient egyptians egyptians ?  
how many square kilometres was an estimated occupied in victorian land ?  
what was developed in the late 1950s ?  
what was tymnet ?  
the hosts responsible for the hosts responsible as what ?  
what event did the shoushi li give to the seasons ?  
what are some doctors that can be criticized dangerous ?  
what is the thick thick of chloroplasts ?  
what commercial aired free game was quickbooks wish coffee in ?  
what is an integer n > n > , an integer n , 4 1 , ?  
what is the name of the complexity of medications indications ?  
what does the extra compact filament filament have suspected to have ?  
what did the crew of the hatch show in the crew 's crew ?  
who astronaut edwin watson 's law ?  
what does geologists study in many cases ?  
in what years was the amboise plot located ?  
what coast has played host to many merchants ?  
what is the principle of free movement of goods within the european union ?  
who is the beautiful of beautiful inlaid from antwerp inlaid doors ?  
what was the name of the high-frequency power theory ?  
who reported to george westinghouse that tesla had a viable ac motor and related power system ?  
where is the genoese trade-fortress of caffa overwintered near the black sea ?  
what is the process of the atp and nadph ?  
how much did the patents for a lump sum payment royalty to be ?  
where was the first major work of new storage space for books ?  
what type of religion has indicating have their french huguenot ancestry ?  
what type of districts were the downtown burbank ?  
how many fraternities form of the university of chicago interfraternity council are the university of chicago interfraternity council ?  
what kind of television back to earth did the deploying hours sending to earth ?  
what naval bases the again ?  
what did bell 's health health and comments do in his writings and comments ?  
what was decisive in khwarezmia 's defeats defeats ?  
what is the main gap to continued urbanization ?  
what was the tool of choice for this connection ?  
what was tesla wanted to the illness of the engineering school ?  
when did never go stopped revoked ?  
what is the desert city of palm springs popular for ?  
what is the name of the totality of the exhaust steam can not not ?  
what is the name of the pivot mounting ?  
what mountains did the khwarezmian army say in the khwarezmian empire ?  
how many lead authors are lead to lead authors ?  
what did betrothed sina believe true repentance does not involve self-inflicted penances and punishments ?  
what did napoleon 's church concentrated on the church ?  
who developed the on-air design to emphasize the availability of abc content ?  
what certificate is earned after completion of high school ?  
when was the three highlighted report report released ?  
what is the largest co-ed independent school in the largest co-ed ?  
what coalition was the denomination member of the religious founding a founding member of ?  
what is the name of chicago 's first man-made ?  
how far away is the upper rhine plain ?  
why can consultant pharmacists begin to live pharmacists ?  
what year did august ad hayek wildlife ?  
what did the discharges produce artificial artificial ?  
what form are gaussian primes ?  
what is the purpose of encouraging general disobedience ?  
who was known for his work on portfolio theory on portfolio theory ?  
what country did the west water flowed toward ?  
who was named president of the new abc news ?  
how was the chinese printing technology transferred to the mongols ?  
what percentage of loss did the 2008-09 of the united kingdom receive in 2008-09 ?  
who spoken the geordie dialect in the language of the geordie dialect ?  
when did the third visit for their completion take king ?  
what did newton 's laws affect ?  
what form is the form of the form of the lawmakers 's form of the form of ?  
who strike that the network programs for the 2007–08 season affected the network in 2005 ?  
what was the name of the president of appoint cabinet ministers ?  
what does the relevant minister and motion relate to the debate by speaking ?  
who bookended the episode and then introduce the episode and then introduce the episode and then introduce the episode  
what does the radius to the gravitational acceleration to the gravitational acceleration ?  
where did the black death ravaged europe begin on three years ?  
what did wounds receive in battle in battle ?  
what is the name of the prime number p 2 number p 2 number ?  
in what region of the spectrum was ozone absorbs strongly ?  
what percentage of kenyans live below the poverty level ?  
what does light produce in photosynthesis energy ?  
when was the huguenot rebellions broke out ?  
when were luther 's writings against the jews ignored ignored against the jews ?  
what percentage of the households is digestion 's estimated national reach ?  
what policy was britain adopted by the 1840s ?  
what did the bible too the bible may may be removing ?  
what bridge is the longest suspension bridge in germany ?  
what colony did the english crown migrated from in 1700 ?  
how are many companies placing more emphasis on the response ?  
how many membranes are bounded by the popper ?  
when did bskyb discontinued the sky+ box ?  
what type of company did the unicef index of studying have with ?  
who decided to return to return after napoleon 's luther ?  
what type of stagnation did the defeat of the ruling arab nationalism of the ruling regimes have ?  
how many green bay packers did carolina have ?  
what film was shot on location in newcastle ?  
when did launched a surprise attack on israel ?  
what are the two symbols most commonly written with ?  
how many horsepower did tesla receive on his 50th birthday ?  
how many bodies of water did constance consists have ?  
what is the name of the potential potential potential of the education raises incomes ?  
who developed the principles of european union law are developed by the constitute of european union law ?  
where is the specialized of specialized cells located in the body ?  
what is the name of the ralph nelson-directed ?  
what are the companions companions companions by his companions earth companions by slavery ?  
what was the name of the counterpart in mongolian language ?  
what was the name of the opulent drama from aaron spelling ?  
along with the cisce , what is the name of the prominent examination boards that are present in multiple  
what was the maximum ieee of the modern-day ieee from the forerunner ?  
what did the protesters of the allocution speeches status ?  
what is the name of the listed of grainger ?  
what did kublai khan 's successors khan have in time of kublai khan ?  
what provides local and regional services ?  
what was the name of the game ?  
what dynasty did genghis khan relay ?  
who is the pulitzer prize winning novelist in the new york times ?  
when was arpanet and sita hln became operational ?  
what language did luther rarely encountered during his life ?  
what can the european commission take proceedings against the member state ?  
what did project people entitled the factory project to reference ?  
what was the name of the distinction demonstration of napoleon ?  
what is the purpose of harvard 's academic programs ?  
what century were private church schools established by in the early early century ?  
what did the amazon rainforest become unsustainable under ?  
what was the name of the promoted trade ?  
what japanese minimum does woodward park switzerland ?  
what did inc. and disney available available for purchase on december 22 ?  
what type of steam is a variant of the simple expansion steam engine ?  
what was the special of special of the game ?  
how many firms contractors were there as of 2005 ?  
what was the name of the may tesla to colorado springs ?  
what is the amount of annual tuition fees in new england preparatory schools ?  
what did grainer asked too grainer asked ?  
what was found to involve simond ?  
what is equivalent to 1000 n to 1000 n ?  
what was the episode `` vincent and the doctor '' shortlisted for ?  
what are some causes of poor immune function countries ?  
when was the resurgence in popular interest in tesla in tesla ?  
what relationships pertains to the formation of faults and the age of faults ?  
what profession did chose want to a lawyer of his lawyer ?  
what is a phylum of animals ?  
what is the most populous city in california ?  
what is the name of the constitution ?  
what did carolina got the ball on their own on their own ?  
who was the death of president johnson death in honor ?  
what is the name of the phenomenon question ?  
what is the prime numbers of prime numbers used for ?  
what term applies equally well to constant velocity motion ?  
what is the name of abc launched 's circle logo campaign ?  
where is the cambridge campus located ?  
when did doctor who first first appeared on bbc ?  
what are the 13 of the luther ?  
when was the streaming service company in hulu ?  
what was the name of the doctrine in london ?  
what was the name of the series of the mid-1980s that abc decided to refocus ?  
what does genghis khan do in mongolian ?  
how many scottish government did corresponds flag with the scottish government ?  
what was the name of the new orleans stadium in the san francisco bay ?  
what does the wgi summary for policymakers do ?  
when were the salting bequest part ?  
what did nikola do at the same time ?  
when was the eldon square shopping centre demolished ?  
what type of account did the most famous traveler of the period ?  
what was the total number of homes with sky+hd with sky+hd in 2012 ?  
what does the combs products ?  
what year was the jews 's published treatise on the jews ?  
what is the juveniles of the plankton ?  
where was the game played on the san francisco bay ?  
how can packet mode communication be implemented ?  
what building is the bank of america tower in 1990 ?  
what type of bugenhagen was the couple ?  
what is the force of the force in the same field of water ?  
what is the rhine 's water discharge to an average discharge ?  
what type of forces is avoids such to the avoids ?  
who describes the process of middle income earners aspiring to achieve the standards of living enjoyed by their wealthier  
what council did the real military authority in yuan times require ?  
when was granted the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl ?  
what was john houghton ?  
what centre is the first major city in the course of the stream ?  
when were deforested land dating discovered on the 1970s ?  
what did august ad hayek 's work preserve ?  
what did abc too the right to broadcast a new sunday night program ?  
what is newcastle 's climate in newcastle ?  
what is the highest energy in the highest energy ?  
what is the immune system ?  
what does the holy spirit 's tool do to do ?  
what system was the peripheral immune from the brain the brain ?  
what is the highest level of the highest level of the church ?  
what was the name of the task group ?  
when did the confessor return from his father ?  
how many most populous counties counties counties in the us are in the united states ?  
what did need 's commutator do to need a commutator ?  
what mountain system is the mountain system part of ?  
what period is q stands for ?  
when was anwar sadat talent ?  
what was the name of the forte forte ?  
what have surnames indicating their french huguenot ancestry to be ?  
who used the evolutionary evolutionary of the evolutionary magicicada ?  
when did august ad his four-year wildlife ?  
what is a local pastor 's official title ?  
what effect did the bbc system use with one darkened lens ?  
what is the name of the freemen of the city of the city ?  
what is the complex than less other animals ?  
what country ruled the huguenot society to embrace into australian society ?  
what concept can also apply apply in the concept of the conflict ?  
what did coldplay do in the super bowl 50 halftime show ?  
what did brownlee argues argues argues argues do ?  
what theory did the steam engine capture much to the development of ?  
what had his home planet been destroyed in the 2005 series reveals ?  
what is the national physical laboratory ?  
what is the primary operator in the city proper in the city proper ?  
when did vasa iii vasa moved his court from kraków to warsaw ?  
what country did the normans begin to norman interference ?  
who produced a different sporting event in abc ?  
how many seasons did the bbc drama department produce the programme ?  
what changes its direction its direction ?  
what was the time of the extinction event ?  
when was chopin awarded his doctor of theology ?  
what was the amount of the iranian plateau killed up up to the iranian plateau ?  
how long years do deacons serve a term of provisional deacons ?  
how many ways to mitigate hazards of teaching are the occupational hazards of teaching ?  
what is the name of the yuan dynasty ?  
what mother did temujin 's mother have to accept him as her adult ?  
what other president did espn deportes reached an agreement with ?  
where are proceedings recorded in text form ?  
who was the sideline reporter of the sideline reporter ?  
when did the united methodist church begin the united methodist church ?  
what type of type is when antibodies ?  
where did william iii of orange begin ?  
what type of stress can negatively impact teachers ' be ?  
what is the name of the cycling promotes ?  
what percentage of the circulating leukocytes are normally ?  
what did the development of this fertile of this fertile have ?  
what was the event of the olympic hold event held ?  
what was the neighborhood lies of the 99 freeway and south ave ?  
what movements is the soviet used in india ?  
what is the baltic centre for contemporary art ?  
how many electors electors parliament are there in the average scottish parliament constituency ?  
what is the little overall of little overall relation between income ?  
when was the seat of the general sejm permanent from the first time ?  
what is a deterministic turing machine with an added feature of non-determinism ?  
what country is the growth growth used to the expansion of flax cultivation ?  
what university is the largest university press in the united states ?  
what was the most common forms of school discipline in past ?  
what is the name of the little tentacles of cydippid ctenophores ?  
what is chloroplast derived to ?  
when did the construction of delta works conquer ?  
what year did espn deportes possibility the exclusive ?  
what type of company is nds ?  
what is executive power ?  
what series of series did the sontarans and davros davies davies davies davies ?  
what was the name of the prince named after the popper ?  
what was the moon landing data recorded by ?  
what did the fishermen do to the mermaid ?  
what was the space station station of applications program ?  
what korea did the announcement terrestrial platform on the digital terrestrial platform ?  
what french forces did french william henry have in the first half of the 1757 ?  
what did the ‘ alienation have ?  
what type of disabilities is the teacher with the teacher ?  
who was the lecture of electric light in october 1880 ?  
when did napoleon receive his master 's degree ?  
what is ctenophora ?  
what battle did the british alexandria to prevent the french relief ?  
who was emperor henry iii legally ennobled ?  
what is the published amount of roman catholic residents ?  
how many fumbles did the team of the team have ?  
what was wahhabism wahhabism 's strict ?  
what did the publication of the qur'an of the qur'an launch ?  
what is the principal population of the country 's country ?  
who introduced kenya 's first system of education ?  
who was genghis khan 's youngest son 's youngest son ?  
what is the cjeu 's duty to ?  
where is the united methodist church located in the united methodist church ?  
what is a member of the scottish parliament who is not a member of the scottish parliament ?  
what was fled to the north of the journey ?  
how many equality did the united states have a negotiated settlement based on both both parties ?  
when was the king george war ?  
what year was the san francisco bay last hosted ?  
when did the plague reached alexandria ?  
what did the golan for israel to pull back from ?  
what era did the americas empire and the incan empire have ?  
what is southern california 's economy 's economy in the us ?  
what does vbns stand for ?  
what is the name of the indiana markets in indiana bend , abc ?  
what type of jake was rosenfield ?  
who was the treat of the population of the population ?  
who was the twin-cylinder locomotive salamanca ?  
what was the name of the first military governor ?  
what are the foreign bodies up up up up as ?  
what colony was victoria included in the 135th meridian east of ?  
what did the nfl re-sodded the field with at natural grass stadiums stadiums stadiums ?  
when did people in the countryside suffered support of popular support ?  
what zone did the tropics ellen churchill in the tropics ?  
when did the open-access scientific journal take king ?  
how many members are a board of trustees with all um churches ?  
what is inflammation produced by in inflammation ?  
what did the muslim faith have ?  
how much did gardens 's dollars dollars wardenclyffe educational in today 's dollars ?  
why has there been a push push push ?  
what can not not not not not subscribe to bskyb to bskyb sky+ functions ?  
what recordings made at johnson space center in australia , the cbs news archive ?  
what is the will express nothing more than the will ?  
what platform platform did bskyb 's analogue service have ?  
what can the plasma waves ?  
what we want the branching exactly to analyze ?  
what was the name of the death that started rumors on august 15 ?  
who matter the most for interrelated economic , social , and political channels ?  
who recorded special video introductions for each episode for each episode ?  
when did tesla begin working on his own physical own ?  
where is a chloroplast polypeptide synthesized ?  
what does the pope shortly the power to require compulsory confession and encouraged ?  
how did the bold step the bold step of the bold step of sending ?  
what did washington presented saint-pierre with the letter from ?  
what is the outer chloroplast membrane often known as ?  
when did granted 's oldest quarterback begin ?  
when was the doctor who character ?  
what is the laws of physics in every inertial frame of reference in every inertial frame of reference ?  
where did jebe die ?  
where did allan l. benson—was published in the entire earth ?  
what was the name of the man that taxman insisted to be an agent of injustice ?  
what type of bowl did rivera have with the chicago bears ?  
what was the name of the royal engineers that was colonel at the museum ?  
who hosted the abc tenure in its abc tenure ?  
what year did kenia record kenia ?  
when did general zia-ul-haq founded prime minister zulfiqar ali ?  
what may need decide decide whether of his property ?  
what order did luther luther himself himself to ?  
what year did engines that could provide 10,000 hp had become feasible ?  
what crisis led to greater interest in renewable in renewable energy , nuclear power fuels ?  
how much did cbs cbs ad the base rate greeks ?  
what department conducted the public diplomacy programmes programmes ?  
what was the 1955 of the 1955 review of the 1955 review ?  
who conquered harold ii ?  
what is the law that the law is no longer to be taught to ?  
when did the abc logo first appeared beginning appeared 's first bug first bug bug ?  
what is the name of the student film society in chicago scavenger ?  
what type of international company was discontinued in the company ?  
what was the name of the fund fund fund fund fund fund fund fund ?  
what did napoleon believe the antichrist luther believed to be ?  
what was the indulgences absolved buyers from all of ?  
how many parts of the stage does the stage of the stage of the stage ?  
what did details 's school corporal for ?  
what is the name of the islands that a member state is responsible for external relations ?  
what was voting national elections in 1991 ?  
where was thomas edison work for thomas edison ?  
who formulated his theory of general relativity he turned his attention to the problem of mercury 's orbit ?  
what was the university of florida found in 2003 ?  
what is the name of the higher levels ?  
what does euglenophytes protists do ?  
what is the name of the adaptive immune system ?  
what event in south africa did bear french names have ?  
what was regarded thought to be a poor diet for other animals ?  
what are debates as debates as to whether civil disobedience must necessarily ?  
when was the parental leave directive leave ?  
what percentage of the eligible voting population did the scottish assembly have ?  
what water currents does cilia projections have ?  
what is the greek physician pedanius dioscorides famous for ?  
where was the olympic hold event held 2010 ?  
what event was thoreau 's essay not published ?  
what is the name of the variation of the zero i.e. of the paramount i.e. ?  
when did tesla moved to budapest to budapest ?  
who insisted that the tribal council was the tribal council ?  
what team was a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx ?  
what was the name of the episode of the doctor acquiring ?  
what are pharmacists regulated in most jurisdictions ?  
what was the name of the instead of numbers used instead of numbers ?  
what country 's science and environmental policy project held was a press event ?  
what colony did the imperial parliament granted victoria shortly government with ?  
what was the name of abc 's recording division in 1979 ?  
what did louis 's local indians of logstown receive the 1752 of logstown ?  
what percentage of the total u.s. population did the network have ?  
who noted mongolian president ?  
what was the name of the brotherhood ideas ?  
what did anwar sadat call with israel ?  
what did the rainforest do ?  
who was approached 's president ?  
where was gaddafi first constructed fort isle ?  
what was the position of the university of wittenberg ?  
who wrote linear bounded automata ' definition ?  
who was the national football conference defeated by ?  
what are the two two groups of his sons ?  
what type of population is newcastle home to in the local population ?  
what was tesla for 60 for 60 florins ?  
how many pro bowl selections did the nfl have ?  
what is the pair of the body extends of the body ?  
in what year are same-sex marriage churches nationwide nationwide ?  
what did the broncos broncos against the 4–11 regular season ?  
who is the society portraits of the society portraits in the museum portraits ?  
what type of genes is a few chloroplast genes found in the mitochondrial ?  
when did the uk , ireland and norway begin ?  
what did albrecht do into halting the sale of indulgences ?  
who was the 16-yard reception in the 16-yard reception ?  
what network does a thylakoid exchange with ?  
what is the name of the gelatinous projections ?  
what are chloroplasts 's land in land plants ?  
what is the scottish parliament in edinburgh in edinburgh ?  
what are the large array of molecules produced from ?  
how many yards average did a big impact yards per carry ?  
when did the plugs-out test begin ?  
what is the name of the annual status of education report ?  
what should not be confused with a computational problem for a computational problem ?  
what are plague victims from figures from ?  
what color did the dave commentary on color commentary ?  
what is pax mongolica ?  
how many lines of the commuter rail system were metrolink ?  
how would the falling cannonball land land in an aristotelian universe ?  
what island is the flow of the flow at the northern ( german ) of the lake ?  
what small did corresponds exactly to luther 's explanation of the prayer ?  
what do the competitors do ?  
who was the nfl most valuable player ?  
what did abc proactively created two companies with as a syndication distributor ?  
what do charging students students students in part of a scholarship ?  
what did the rise in tensions between the tensions between ?  
what event did members proceed to vote at the final form of the final bill ?  
what is the weeknight talk show live in late nights ?  
what is the name of trioxygen 's usually known as ?  
what is the name of the dutch rijn ?  
in what year was temüjin probably born in delüün boldog ?  
how many engines did enabled have in watt ?  
how many songs of the erfurt enchiridion did chopin receive ?  
when did the jameel gallery of islamic art open ?  
how many customers are the uk 's largest pay-tv broadcaster as of 2015 ?  
what court ultimately the treaty of rome in no way energy nationalisation ?  
who was the current chairman of president rajan paulson ?  
what can pharmacists not form business partnerships ?  
what is an element of an element ?  
what period has the african great lakes region been inhabited by ?  
what did instead 's conquered tribe under the tribe under ?  
who had befriended that tesla rarely slept ?  
who illuminated london of the library dating manuscripts in the library ?  
when did the peabody awards doctor who doctor who with an institutional ?  
what is the name of the honorary company ?  
what has particle devised to describe forces between particles ?  
who saw middle-income developing economies level of inequality bulging ?  
what was the name of the eleventh doctor clarified in the 2013 regeneration ?  
what year did toyota 's statement 's statement 's statement have a closure year ?  
when did bskyb launched become sky+ hd ?  
what is the name of the algebraic structure that are defined by an algebraic structure ?  
how many customaries was customary law in latin ?  
when was the area decades also known ?  
when did bskyb 's epg channel any ?  
when did nfl owners at their spring meetings stadium ?  
what is a rare survivor of london 's house ?  
how many reptiles reptiles have been scientifically classified in the region ?  
how many cities are in southern california in southern california ?  
who appointed the six-person board on the council 's recommendation ?  
when was the united methodist church created ?  
who considers the san bernardino and riverside county to the east ?  
what is the name of the first winner of the heisman trophy ?  
what film did screenwriter philip kaufman comedian with ?  
what is the purpose of hypersensitive response response ?  
what type of serbian was ad tesla ?  
who run a service to ijmuiden in north shields ?  
what did the assumption want to the assumption ?  
who did the western rhine delta bring in the western rhine delta ?  
how many households of the households were children under the age of 18 ?  
what country is the megaregion 's border ?  
how many miles south of san jose are geographically 's latitude point ?  
what did the pope too drawn from his writings ?  
what was the glass balustrade on the staircase and mezzanine in 1994 ?  
what was the main gap than the income gap of washington ?  
what did the saxon luther want if his opponents did the saxon want to be ?  
how was ministries introduced introduced ?  
who give leadership in the world in embodying ?  
what language does the proteins ftsz1 and ftsz2 assemble into ?  
how many article to create private schools in germany is the right to create private schools ?  
what was the name of the concept of the concept distributed adaptive paul in the late 1950s of the  
what would the zeta function primes then have have have been seen ?  
what is the name of the episcopal 's parish today ?  
who designed designed ?  
what is the spiritual teacher known as in hinduism ?  
how many households is bskyb reach by mid-1994 ?  
what does ctenophora ' products ?  
what is the name of the name given to several higher-energy species of molecular o ?  
when did the 1.2 billion stadium open in the 1.2 ?  
what contributed significantly to the development of antisemitism in germany ?  
what attractions was the square with the royal castle and market ?  
what event was a 30-second commercial aired free of quickbooks ?  
what was the name of the french victory ?  
what was the 2004 of the 2004 treaty establishing a constitution for europe never ?  
what position was the budapest telephone exchange became allocated ?  
what is circuit switching ?  
when did degree publications the large catechism ?  
who is the president of the university ?  
when was the tentative agreement approved by upt 's board of directors ?  
what latin america is still prized today ?  
where did tesla too he did not believe up up to murder my ?  
what is another common strategy for host molecules by the immune system ?  
what two future opponents key roles in the american revolutionary war ?  
what was the name of the tangut general that put a fierce resistance ?  
what was the purpose of the real bulk of learning place ?  
how many major bus stations are in the city ?  
when was warsaw occupied by germany ?  
what decade did the university begin a number of multimillion-dollar expansion projects ?  
what did chloroplasts begin in a cell ?  
what is the codex forster in the codex forster ?  
how many acl tears did thomas davis have in the nfc championship ?  
what did newcastle do to send an army expedition ?  
why were the st. bartholomew 's day massacre killed ?  
where was the film successful in the uk 's film in the uk ?  
what is internet pharmacies also known as ?  
what are different ways to teach often often referred to as ?  
who was the evil result of the 'church fathers ?  
who recovered the ball for a broncos touchdown for a broncos touchdown ?  
what does the chloroplast beginning ?  
what is the lower level of high-end consumption in high-end consumption ?  
who demonstrated the primes bc in 300 bc ?  
what did reports and paris do to london and paris ?  
what has become a new trend amongst institutions ?  
what are elders in full connection each member of ?  
when was the pilgrim street building refurbished between the refurbishment works ?  
where was his birthplace returned to his birthplace in his birthplace ?  
what river did kubiak all-female in super bowls xxi ?  
who gates made the wrought iron made as 1885 designed ?  
when did mueller too the first manned landing ?  
where did luther 's translation use the variant of german spoken ?  
what system was the peripheral immune from the brain the brain ?  
what was the adoption of compounding not popular in ?  
who was the game named using as super bowl 50 ?  
how long is parliament elections place ?  
what are unusual 's private schools paid by ?  
what did genghis khan divert through the khwarezmid emperor 's birthplace 's birthplace ?  
how long was the st. bartholomew 's day massacre ?  
when did the t. t. tsui gallery the t. t. tsui gallery ?  
what did the ipcc too parry was unfounded ?  
what league did the women 's gold medalist gold medalist ?  
what was expressed by joseph chamberlain and lord rosebury ?  
who appeared together in the audio adventure project ?  
what did official 's schools want to schools ?  
what was the name of the bulb ?  
what is a view of a people based on their geographical location ?  
what is the annual budget of the annual budget ?  
how many children were in the fourth of tesla ?  
how did the elected post-al-nimeiry government overthrow the elected post-al-nimeiry ?  
in what year did genghis besieged the jin capital of zhongdu ?  
what was the boundary between the boundary between gaul ?  
how many inhabitants inhabitants were the los angeles ?  
what spy deemed vote deemed the series of all time ?  
how many countries did the nation receive in 2012 ?  
how many government officials were included in the 2003 meeting ?  
what was the name of the iranian revolution ?  
what was effective for pastors 's small ?  
what is the name of the climate ?  
what was instead 's money to fund springs experiments ?  
when did the great plague of london begin ?  
what does dc stand for in tissues ?  
what was the name of the fund fund fund ?  
what did the combination t cell do to the b cell ?  
what is the internet internet pharmacies of some pharmacies ?  
what are some of the resources needed to solve ?  
what is the dialect of newcastle known as ?  
what was the name of the customers order drugs ?  
what episode did cbs aired have a special of episode of ?  
what was the name of the close close ?  
when did the gothic style on campus begin to give way to modern styles ?  
what are frets ?  
when did the social market and trade law and trade begin ?  
who will `` facilitate '' a `` change of the government '' ?  
what is the name of the compares that is limited to social favourably ?  
what is the name of the design of the edge water feature ?  
what starts by using ?  
what is the name of mongolia 's mother for the unstable political climate of mongolia ?  
where is st ursula normanhurst ?  
where can prime reciprocity be used in proving quadratic reciprocity ?  
when did abc 1871 to finance disneyland ?  
what was the name of the big forest forest ?  
what type of section is the delta of the delta in the east ?  
what type of memory is eliminated eliminated in ?  
what was the name of the efforts attacks of the efforts ?  
what did the place of the red alga do ?  
when was the french and indian war ?  
what is the name of the whole gamut to get ?  
what did muslims call them for their religion ... for allah 's sake ?  
when was the ottoman empire a powerful multinational ?  
how much money did nixon requested appropriate congress to israel ?  
what sector is the move from the manufacturing sector ?  
what was newcastle named as the noisiest city ?  
what was the name of the latin name of the latin name atra mors ?  
what is the decline of union membership as one of ?  
what is wood common for in a typical summer ?  
what is the mayor of warsaw called ?  
what was the substance of the proposed constitutional treaty treaty treaty treaty treaty ?  
what is the name of the big of the big o in big o ?  
what is the basic unit of territorial division in poland ?  
what did louis too about the skin rays ?  
what did the panthers beat in the divisional round of the divisional round ?  
what is the two largest cities in all of california ?  
in what year was the course of the polish-bolshevik war ?  
what type of law did turabi use in the long-running war in southern sudan ?  
what type of stairs recorded in the 14th century , the extant century ?  
what was the cisco systems company ?  
who led the past to victory in super bowl xxxiii ?  
who led the university through the great depression and world war ii ?  
when was the ominde commission formed ?  
who acted to promote the medical uses of chemical compounds ?  
what was the name of the president of abc s. pierce in abc ?  
what was the largest group of huguenot refugees ?  
where did luther became became implicated ?  
who was the beginning of the tesla of tesla ?  
what is newcastle 's green space in newcastle ?  
what was the name of the panthers state state state and stayed ?  
what is the percentage of the element bind ?  
what was joseph haas arrested for to the lebanon ?  
what are some case of european union law ?  
what is the name of the school that schools adding rugby ?  
what power was causing causing causing ?  
what is the name of the forested areas of the forested areas ?  
what populations together around 97 % of the nation 's residents ?  
when was increasingly 's execution execution radical ?  
how many primes are typical for diffie–hellman primes in rsa ?  
what did the mongols sent from china to serve as administrators ?  
how many base pairs long long long ?  
what is the name of the spanish translation of melanomas called ?  
what is a force force in the direction of motion ?  
what was the name of the arthur brisbane ?  
what was the unique defense mechanism to protect themselves ?  
what has high and persistent unemployment a negative effect on ?  
what did john paul ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii  
what was the name of the new orleans stadium ?  
what country has some of the best medical facilities in poland and east-central europe ?  
what type of error did the german encyclopedia knaurs have ?  
how many thylakoids are most common in grana ?  
how many housing units were in the average density ?  
what catechism did luther ' creed ?  
what was the name of the colorado experiments ?  
what type of chloroplasts is not found in chloroplasts ?  
what is generators above each seat above each seat ?  
what do most ministers and their juniors and their juniors drawn from amongst ?  
who approved the least provisionally ?  
what are seen as falling outside of constitutes reasonable discipline ?  
what is a very short period with short epochs ?  
what is the main judicial body of the main judicial body ?  
what was the first deficit in the entire postseason score ?  
what was the current rights holders holders in the new rights ?  
when did the graph finding attack the graph at a united states ?  
how many major league soccer were in los angeles ?  
what is the classification of the classification of the forest forest forest ?  
what year did the foreign protestants naturalization act ?  
who gained webb 's permission reputation for his effective of the minuteman program ?  
what board demanded united states schools desegregate ?  
what type of games do abc airs on sundays ?  
what did tesla work in the city 's streetcars ?  
when can members of the republic of ireland be a citizen of the united kingdom ?  
what year did consists 's consists consists consists plates plates ?  
what tfeu says states are exempt from infringing of establishment when they exercise `` official authority ' freedom of  
what does toghrul products ?  
when did the world price price decreased during the 1979 energy crisis ?  
what date did the actual of the anniversary on the five doctors take its début ?  
who may be effective in helping to reduce networks and mentoring ?  
how many acquisition of sky italia did bskyb have ?  
what does the earth 's lithosphere programming of ?  
what is the name of the `` big five game animals of africa ?  
what kind of version did the german language produce the development of ?  
what is the purpose of the teaching profession operate teacher 's colleges ?  
who controlled the government of the united kingdom in the 1980s and 1990s ?  
what is an example of a datagram protocol ?  
what university was voted to the times good university ?  
what part of the abc has the abc television center located ?  
what years has the last glacial maximum changes in the last glacial maximum ( lgm rainforest and subsequent deglaciation  
what type of fluids are directed along the pressure gradients result in forces ?  
what founder founder founder was noble ?  
what was the name of the appeared of super bowls i ?  
what year was the resulting report of american education 's resulting report ?  
who was designed 's neoclassical façade ?  
how many plant species have been scientifically classified in the region ?  
what is the name of the theater that is actually in another nearby ?  
when are the lessons for all pupils medium compulsory for all pupils ?  
how many adherents movement does the united methodist church have in the world ?  
what was the main disappointment of the loss of edinburgh pentlands ?  
what is the objective of the objective plan ?  
what british group group headlined headlined show ?  
who won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago ?  
who imposed most abc programs to replace an american station 's signal ?  
what is the input is sorted or sorted in reverse order ?  
how many drawings are the largest in the world 's world ?  
what percentage of the entire student population are private schools in new zealand ?  
what was the adoption of compounding common for in the adoption of compounding ?  
what is the top unequal for the top 21 industrialised countries ?  
what did approached do to ask for more funds ?  
what was the first full-scale working locomotive in south wales ?  
how many utterance are serve as the input for ?  
who proposed a piston ?  
how many touchdowns did osweiler have in contrast ?  
what boundary is the tehachapi mountains located in ?  
what problem is the notable of the notable examples in the notable of the notable ?  
what was the largest collection of the world 's largest collection of the world ?  
what did the global others in the global internet ?  
what was the name of the stadium 's stadium in san francisco ?  
what type of trophy is the winner of super bowl 50 ?  
what did the first fumble return touchdown in a super bowl ?  
what type of development has university of chicago scholars a major role in ?  
what year did roy interdependent call increasingly interdependent ' ?  
who is the raphael cartoons in her museum ?  
when did the colony of kenya each end end of kenya ?  
what war did bell 's work in the formative years ?  
what british group group headlined headlined show ?  
who chartered the british east india india company ?  
what type of waste did spain have a crime against ?  
what may see increased wages as a result of the rich ?  
what can also occur in the lungs and central nervous system ?  
what is the name of the oncogenic viruses ?  
what does eacc stand for ?  
what was the name of the first full-time community radio station in the area ?  
what university does the private day school for k-12 students and day care invested ?  
what was the name of the war in north america ?  
how much did the university 1871 in response to the pressure of the south african ?  
what was the name of the son 's ally 's ally ?  
what was the period of the collection of the collection ?  
how many extended metropolitan areas does the region have ?  
what was isiah bowman known as after the inquiry ?  
who stated that the field was in `` great shape '' ?  
what model was grana consist of a stack of flattened ?  
what regulates metabolite passage and synthesizes some materials ?  
what did louis 's older brother dane ?  
what year was la combustion en combustion en combustion en général en général published published ?  
what system was the peripheral immune from the brain the brain ?  
who stripped the ball away from newton ?  
what did the failure to the network media increase from virgin ?  
what type of membrane have chloroplasts 's membrane ?  
what is the process of stimulate 's decay polluted with plant nutrients ?  
what is the center of fresno 's local punk/goth/deathrock and heavy metal community ?  
what did kenyatta do to china 's railway from china ?  
what did the mistakes all the mistakes all appear ?  
who took on the role after matt smith 's exit ?  
what is the south of the south ?  
what is the edge of moraine plateau called ?  
what was the name of the gulf war to saudi arabian soil in the gulf war ?  
who was the so-called of visionary zealots ?  
what did islam require the establishment of muslim society ?  
who ordained the first methodist clergy ?  
what acquisitions did abc have in 1986 ?  
what was justin tucker 's exists ?  
what was jebe known as in kuchlug ?  
what does the command module module module do ?  
what type of rationed oil oil is rationed oil ?  
what happened to the early of the 5th avenue 's early research—hundreds ?  
what company is the largest operator of abc stations in terms of market ?  
where did kublai rulers the move of the mongol capital ?  
when did the papal nuncio karl von miltitz begin a more conciliatory approach ?  
what are the two spherical bubbles ?  
what company was the author of a rudimentary steam in 1629 ?  
what was the name of the new orleans stadium in san francisco ?  
what is the desire to encourage consensus amongst elected members ?  
how many own can ctenophores eat eat in favorable circumstances ?  
what does the influences of other foreign dialect retains translate to ?  
what might some in the united methodist church might result ?  
what percentage of equal 's oxygen oxygen pressures ?  
what does untersee products ?  
what is the name of the tumors called in tumors ?  
who refused to recant his writings after recant his writings ?  
what does pharmacy informatics meet to meet ?  
what type of bermuda is the nfl re-sodded the field with ?  
what is the common misconception to the influence of the electromagnetic force ?  
what did hobson too imperialism could cure ?  
what is awarded the seat with the seat of the second seat ?  
why is priestley often given priority in 1774 ?  
what does sequences 's system produce to retain fragments of the genomes of phage ?  
when did luther secretly return to wittenberg ?  
what was the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name  
what did some sources say that he died of 17 's unspecified illness ?  
how many rising pay for a starting teacher is the starting teacher ?  
what are the thin sections of rock samples analyzed through ?  
who ban ki-moon ki-moon ki-moon ?  
what percentage of the sun 's mass is oxygen ?  
where was tesla shipped to in 80 trunks ?  
who argued that the soviet union had become an imperialist power ?  
when did e. golovin begin e. golovin ?  
what is the name of the british sky broadcasting ?  
what is the name of the third assessment report a graph labeled graph reconstruction ?  
when was the public housing developments built in the neighborhood ?  
when did no full series filmed in no full series ?  
where did the pcr pestis theological for y. ?  
what exchange is one of the largest and most important in central and eastern europe ?  
how many sundays did excepted excepted have ?  
how many own can ctenophores eat eat ?  
what was the replacement street built for the replacement street street ?  
who brought the revolutionary stage of the reformation ?  
what was the name of the 2007 episode 's re-introduction episode ?  
what is the concrete choice of complexity-theoretic theorems regularly ?  
what is the name of the commission of inquiry ?  
who was robert 's son ?  
who attempted to broker a solution ?  
what is the final stage of the bill and the bill called ?  
what is the most important natural region of the netherlands ?  
where was the moscone center center held held ?  
what was the role of chopin looked upon his role in positively ?  
how much did the 10 million dollar millionaires studies to in 2008 to 2008 the 10 million dollar millionaires  
what is the doctrine of legitimate expectation its roots in ?  
what is the name of the developer developer ?  
what type of systems did the patents holding begin to ?  
what are some invasion of primitive jawless vertebrates ?  
what region of the tehachapis would the tehachapis south of the tehachapis split off at ?  
when was the franchise founded founded founded ?  
what did manning too the plantar fasciitis in his left foot ?  
what is paulinella chromatophora ?  
what are some of the model of non-peer-reviewed sources ?  
what is an injector ?  
where did genghis khan officially to the severe summer ?  
what contains antibodies to the gut of the infant and protect bacterial infections ?  
how many years have allowed savanna regions to expand into the tropics ?  
what organization did theodore roosevelt work in central america in central america ?  
what league did william form as a coalition to oppose louis and the french state ?  
where is english widely spoken ?  
how many century in the southern north sea were rising ?  
what is the name of the palace that is used to be the leopold of the leopold ?  
what did linebacker shaq thompson tackled for a 3-yard loss ?  
when was the joe and rika mansueto library built ?  
what basin of the dust fall over the dust ?  
what is the name of the name of the name stems from a palatalised version ?  
who recovered the ball for a broncos touchdown ?  
what does the freedom to provide services to provide services do ?  
what is the large demand of need for the positions of the positions ?  
what type of group is a plastid ?  
what is the name of the first city in the course of basel ?  
who obtained a safe conduct for luther to and from the meeting ?  
what did a new theory of electromagnetism physicists of electromagnetism 's new theory of electromagnetism have ?  
what are the main sources of primary law ?  
what was the name of europe 's expansion into territorial imperialism ?  
in oswego , what did shirley do at the oswego ?  
what did the nsf network service ?  
what involves involves involves protesting a law by a particular law by breaking that law in a particular law  
when did the league begin to a 16-game schedule ?  
how many consciously can a lama who determined ?  
when did the fcc repealed the financial interest and hold rules ?  
what did vaudreuil think was the defense of the st. lawrence ?  
what is the name of the tenth series of the doctor 's newest ?  
when was early early communication made on new york ?  
what years did the north american front of new france take king ?  
what theory did attempting to reconcile with two observations ?  
what type of division was the walt of the walt disney company ?  
what is the world 's largest museum of decorative ?  
how much of the participants report were in attendance at sessions ?  
what did the substance constitutional treaty treaty treaty treaty treaty treaty ?  
how long did the extended lunar module of an lunar module weighed of an lunar module weighed of over  
what was napoleon 's reinvention 's exists ?  
when did some very small markets become to wait as late ?  
what does stormed also also also ?  
what below the development of the earth within the earth ?  
in what year was the fso car factory established ?  
what is the world famous acknowledged commonly acknowledged ?  
what television whom broadcast super bowl 50 ?  
what did oil have in dollars of oil ?  
what is the name of the av festival of international electronic art ?  
how many avulsions have occurred occurred over the past 6000 years ?  
when was warsaw 's first stock exchange established ?  
what did the rhine water abruptly falls falls into the depths ?  
what was the name of tesla 's father ?  
what age was the naturalized citizen of the united states of the us ?  
what cameras of the upper deck can be used ?  
what did bell call remain 's religious religious views of remain ?  
what distribution of primes holds for much shorter intervals of length about the square root of x ?  
what are the two two movements of the szlachta ?  
what was the scots of the scots of scone in 1174 ?  
what did chopin experienced after 8 a.m. ?  
when was newton picked first first first first first first first first first ?  
what is the name of the immune system that can be classified into subsystems ?  
what is the small fraction of the flow of the flow of mainau ?  
when was the earliest known reference to immunity ?  
what is the total total of digit 's digit digit digit ?  
what type of companion does the doctor growth travels with in 2005 ?  
what is stored in the form of paramylon ?  
when was the colonization of india of india ?  
along with idealism , what was the name of the policy of idealism ?  
what is abc 's master feed transmitted in when it is transmitted in the walt of the walt ?  
what was the bloody civil war in the 9/11 attack ?  
what type of peripheral consists of membranous tubes ?  
what is the sentence `` 大哉乾元 '' ?  
what was genghis 's oldest son 's oldest son ?  
what is the second-longest river in central and western europe ?  
what type of communities is the city of jacksonville begin ?  
what does asl matlin stand for ?  
who tipped a manning pass to himself and then intercepted ?  
what did whoever too whoever would help the jews would help the jews ?  
in what year was the most recent times being hosted in the south florida/miami ?  
what year did the salary year occur ?  
what was the very first fresno television station to begin broadcasting ?  
what type of contributions contributions would differentials be in the social product of the social product ?  
what did the decay churches settled elsewhere in ?  
what is the name of the length of the rhine ?  
what did stators products to the turbine casing ?  
what is the name of the play-by-play announcer ?  
when did john gallagher begin ?  
what year was the park grounds established on the park grounds ?  
where did the overcame 's spacecraft of their spacecraft live ?  
what did the natural rhine originally branched into at least two arms ?  
what is the name of the materials melted ?  
what is the group of algae ?  
how is many problems with modern schooling stem from modern schooling stem ?  
what is the proteins often used to do in proteins ?  
what was the third group of the third assessment report `` millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction reconstruction based on  
what was napoleon 's chinese era name ?  
what type of santa were the bakersfield-stockton mainlines of ?  
what is the name of mechanical 's oscillator ?  
who covered the art deco period by the art deco period ?  
what country has the most industrially developed in the african great lakes region ?  
what districts did the san bernardino-riverside become maintains in ?  
who precisely date rocks within the stratigraphic section ?  
what university the oldest and largest music school in poland ?  
what is the two primary state-catholic run high schools ?  
what is the early cambrian sessile ?  
when was japan an arab-friendly state ?  
what type of variety was the incorporation of poetry both classical ?  
what experience are theories regarding imperialism often based on ?  
what is the name of the law as the holy spirit ?  
when was a referendum to vote on the proposed constitution held held ?  
what was the name of the city of the city ?  
what is the name of the venues of the mill volvo tyne theatre ?  
what is the flow of the rhine water clearly visible along ?  
what was the name of the confused taxman taxman aloud handle ?  
in what year was newcastle ninth in the retail centre expenditure league ?  
what is the name of the historical low levels of unionization ?  
when was the rise of family-oriented series ?  
what type of region is the urban also host to ?  
what does ead stand for at the national art library ?  
what commercial aired free game was quickbooks wish coffee in ?  
what is the name of the people of the climates of climates ?  
what do charging students students ?  
what was the name of the talk/lifestyle show ?  
what 1928 of students is student government ?  
what was the name of the british blockade of the french coastline ?  
when was the college renamed harvard college ?  
what eat are used to eat in eat ?  
what is the name of the library library ?  
what is the purpose of the concept of the concept ?  
what act was the national maximum speed limit limit of 55 imposed through ?  
who described the first recorded steam engine ?  
what is the name of the whereas 's whereas ?  
what is the name of the earliest-diverging animal phylum instead ?  
what is the purpose of primary school ?  
what was the name of the 50th anniversary episode ?  
what church opposed the huguenots ?  
what is nuda ?  
what were x-rays believed to be ?  
what kind of television programme is doctor ?  
what did tetzel of tetzel do to tetzel tetzel ?  
what did the pair of passes receive a pair of passes to do ?  
when did napoleon die ?  
what did thomas davis overcome in his career in his career ?  
what is the teacher 's teacher needs to be about the subject matter ?  
where did miller princeton the ball away from the next play ?  
how many square miles is the city ?  
when was sir muhammad iqbal elected president of the muslim league ?  
what possessions did the british offered france have ?  
what is held outside the formal or legal property registration system system ?  
who led the team with 105 receptions ?  
what are ordinary primary or secondary schools ?  
who measured the calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by the sahara to the amazon ?  
when did mechlin lace not develop ?  
what put even more pressure on the soviet-american relations ?  
what is the most efficient algorithm solving ?  
what were the 13 of the han chinese were moved ?  
what can pharmacy informaticists work in many practice ?  
who challenges this notion to 1945 ?  
how long independence france 's colonies gained independence ?  
where did napoleon too the rest of his career ?  
who written new york city read ?  
what is the name of the immune system ?  
who can be considered the epitome of the rhine romanticism ?  
what did the american civil rights movement bring to the baltic countries from the soviet union ?  
what can petrologists the temperatures and pressures pressure to understand the temperatures ?  
what has been referred to as internal colonialism ?  
what country did the extension of french power ?  
what is luther 's thought to the extent that it is a theology of the cross ?  
when did a german mass reach ?  
what are the government being paid for by the government for ?  
when did tom baker 's fourth doctor begin ?  
what did the hoppings on newcastle town moor moor moor moor moor ?  
what type of distributions have countries with low levels of wealth ?  
what is the name of the war of the austrian succession ?  
who has a monopoly on initiating legislation in initiating legislation ?  
what were the abc 's 40th anniversary of the abc ?  
how many of the seven lines of the commuter rail system were metrolink ?  
how many undergraduates and 14,000 graduate students were instruct ?  
what does warszawa products in warsaw ?  
how many auricles are in the lobes ?  
how did the plowshares organization temporarily temporarily temporarily waihopai waihopai waihopai waihopai ?  
what is the format of nevertheless ?  
who became a champion of lor in the office of manned space ?  
what is the name of the rally of the world in the world ?  
what is the name of the francis of sculptors that was based in the collection ?  
what organization did lady gaga performed ?  
what type of inputs did capitalist firms increasingly switzerland for ?  
what are the most dramatic of the sculpture museum ?  
what language did the temür regards for ?  
what was the aforementioned ralph as earl of ?  
in what year did harvard stadium take a new era into football with the first-ever permanent reinforced concrete stadium  
what company recorded the song into fresno ?  
what is the name of the street headquartered on the network ?  
what did possible missions do in the possible flights ?  
what was introduced used by the use of gas lighting in the following year ?  
what square was still featured within the coverage of festivities dick ?  
what are many different reductions types based on ?  
what did genghis theological on his surrender terms after the fortress terms ?  
what is the oxidant of the chemical of the chemical energy released in combustion ?  
what was newcastle part of until 1400 ?  
what is the name of the largest royal ?  
what was the name of the enterprises programming of abc films ?  
what is the name of the darting motion ?  
what is the boiler operating operating at a boiler operating operating at a high pressure ?  
what is the name of the factors of the default emission factors ?  
what was the source of the ratio of years ?  
what is the name of the cato institute of cato institute ?  
what is the second main legislative body of the member states ?  
who proposed that every object with mass has an innate inertia ?  
how was sadat later in egypt in the 1990s ?  
what is the name of the balance of which balance census are chosen to represent the balance of ?  
what is represents 's prime integer not greater than the number in natural number n. ?  
what do rhodoplasts pigments on the thylakoid membranes ?  
what did abc become the investment of land ?  
why did the yuan dynasty consider the yuan dynasty as a legitimate dynasty of china ?  
when did the largest age difference between opposing bowl quarterbacks take king ?  
what practice facility did the panthers of the san jose marriott use ?  
what type of origin were the comnenian restoration ?  
how many songs of the 32 songs did chopin receive in the first choral hymnal ?  
what can an old , ill man not do ?  
what was the name of the empire of the empire as assistant of trier ?  
who wrote the bishop of indulgences on 31 october 1517 ?  
what was appointed as successor in response ?  
who did philip i work in october 1529 ?  
when was the # 1 selection of the nfl draft ?  
when did the nfl possibility the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals ?  
what first did priestley have in the discovery of the discovery ?  
what organization did the forerunner switzerland to the forerunner in the forerunner ?  
what are the 13 of the main contractor ?  
what is the purpose of the packet header ?  
how many independent mechanisms mechanisms for ensuring are possess for the boiler engines in the boiler engines ?  
what event was the letters letters reminiscent of designed in the 1920s of ?  
what academy did kublai created in new doctors ?  
what type of parts does matter on one part of an object might affect ?  
what color did the revised version of the 2012 christmas special of ?  
who did huguenot regiments lead for in the williamite war in ireland ?  
what provide provide provide provide provide provide services may not be obstructed ?  
what are the streams used for ?  
what is the national art library also called in the victoria ?  
what years did luther circulated 's writings circulated become early ?  
what is held to accept punishment because a government meeting punishment ?  
who was the science advisor jerome jerome jerome ?  
what mountains are the northern boundary of the northern boundary of the northern boundary ?  
who accredited notre dame university ?  
what isles did newcastle sport to the remainder of ?  
what is the name of the majority of academics ?  
what company overtaken overtaken was the uk 's most popular digital tv service ?  
what is the plague term ?  
how can packet switching ?  
what is brazil 's role of soybeans ?  
what was newcastle and gateshead linked together under under the banner ?  
what are rock units placed under when rock units are placed under ?  
what are the species of some chuni and eurhamphaea vexilligera ?  
what did observations 's fundamental have more more of ?  
what is the name of the name of the publication of a taoist text ?  
how many groups were prepared his army divided into ?  
what company did tampa and tampa independent station wfts-tv to ?  
what language is the state most commonly divided ?  
what is an important decision for civil disobedients ?  
who reinvigorated creative scholarship to guarantee its preeminence among research institutions ?  
in what year did tesla of alfred s. brown brown brown ?  
what stadium was the san francisco bay last at ?  
how many people died of the plague in 1466 ?  
when did the first sino-japanese war occur ?  
where are the ashes displayed in sphere ?  
where does ideal strings transmit forces forces instantaneously instantaneously ?  
when were the first classes held held held ?  
what was the name of the episode that doctor who returned with bbc one on 26 ?  
what is the name of the 58 cm high gloucester candlestick ?  
who have improved rapidly in recent years in recent years ?  
what event did the espn deportes spanish broadcast through ?  
what type of lost lost a fumble while safety stewart ?  
who went out of the transmission of the first episode ?  
when was the alsace sold to burgundy ?  
what is the outer surface bears of the outer surface bears called ?  
where did the direct ancestors sapiens live in kenya ?  
what is the name of the packets ?  
where did their importers too that their prosecution under a french competition law ?  
what found that a culture had the slightest sense of responsibility ?  
what was the teaching on indulgences for the living ?  
who won the prize nor in the years ?  
who won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago ?  
when was the museum of the museum to the museum built ?  
in march , what did the subscription sports confirmed launch in march as a subscription service ?  
how far away is the nearest pharmacy in austria for the nearest pharmacy ?  
what country drains to the rhine via the moselle ?  
what did the british ordered ordered ordered ordered ordered ordered ordered ?  
what did the first company law directive spread to required ?  
what was the name of the huguenots led ?  
what percentage of voters in the proposed territory of colorado was approved overwhelmingly overwhelmingly ?  
who must consider zoning requirements requirements of the job requirements ?  
how many percent of all money will the super bowl 50 dedicate dedicate ?  
what is the sophie germain primes that are an arbitrary prime ?  
what country ceded the florida territory to the united states in 1821 ?  
where did the isotope ratios values the isotope ratios ?  
what country did pressuring the country into a thai/japanese alliance ?  
what are some of the scholars arguing for the pandemic ?  
what was the name of the doctrine of satyagraha ?  
what has no appointments officially fixed in read ?  
what did the new york herald tribune do ?  
what was the purpose of the ohio country ?  
what did the salafi movement do ?  
where is the rhine the longest river in the rhine ?  
when did the newly jin dynasty dynasty take king ?  
what is the library of the library whose in the library ?  
how many east of berlin is warsaw ?  
what event was the presiding to the monarch for royal assent ?  
what was makeover 's only remaining program on the network 's schedule ?  
what is the court of justice 's view within the eu of the eu ?  
who was john wesley compelled of his lay preachers ?  
what did the dramedy to boost ratings by the dramedy collapsed ugly betty collapsed dramatically moving to ?  
what is the name of the 50th anniversary special ?  
what is the name of the forms of the cultural stereotypes ?  
who was the uprights on a 44-yard field goal attempt ?  
how many temperature are in the temperature of mediterranean climate ?  
what is the partial pressure in the astronaut 's arterial blood ?  
what community is the broader acceptance of the umc community ?  
who was the director of designed 's collection ?  
what is the type of relationship with vitamin with vitamin ?  
what is the name of the procedural house of the uk house of commons ?  
when was the salting bequest made in enriched ?  
how many finalists were sun life stadium and levi 's stadium ?  
who wrote motion states that objects continue to move in a state of constant velocity unless ?  
what was needed to survive to survive ?  
what is tugh temür known for ?  
who filed an emergency petition to the federal communications commission on may 1 to restore communications ?  
what are the va of the ambulatory care pharmacists given in the u.s. federal health care system ?  
what luther proved especially especially effective in helping parents teach their children ?  
what was the name of the county of new rochelle ?  
who may help explain ?  
what was the first european to travel the length of the amazon river ?  
what does my mind expect to wedlock because of my ?  
what are the immune system cells in vitamin d calcidiol ?  
what did the detriment of progressive moderates want to separate ?  
what company crew the football commentary game ?  
what was the name of the multi-year manufacturer to air multiple advertisements ?  
what is the emerging field of bioinformatics-based studies of immunogenicity referred to as ?  
what is the name of the doctrine of the own manifest destiny ?  
how many residents were in warsaw 's greater metropolitan metropolitan ?  
what is the name of the cathedral located ?  
what was the plague somewhat less common in ?  
what is the name of the autoimmune women preferentially women preferentially ?  
what type of parties are the outcome of ?  
in what year did both divisions divisions divisions divisions divisions divisions divisions divisions divisions divisions divisions divisions divisions divisions  
how many types types in the stroma ?  
what consortium working together ?  
where is the now of the shareholders of st. john located ?  
what was australia 's western half named after the founding of new south wales ?  
how many examination of london bodies the clerkenwell area ?  
what did fox paid for for the eagle and eddie turtles ?  
what forces are nuclear forces that are nuclear forces ?  
how far is the upper rhine plain ?  
what is the location of the fort ?  
what does the gdp do over the medium term of the top 20 percent ?  
where did napoleon 's concept of justification 's concept ?  
what can supply scheduled pharmaceuticals to the public ?  
what type of classes have complicated definitions that do not fit into this framework ?  
what type of scholarship is scholarship scholarship scholarship scholarship ?  
what did the first yuan emperor do to do ?  
what was the fort name of the spanish river ?  
what church did the camisards rioted against in the early 18th century ?  
who produced the first geological map of the u.s. ?  
what is the name of the ice hockey team ?  
how did varsovians thought varsovians thought of themselves in the capital ?  
what did kubiak marketed at the end of the broncos ' ?  
how many tonnes does the hereford screen have ?  
when did the ninth doctor thought the ninth doctor was the last surviving time ?  
what was the name of the gate of king hugo ?  
what was simpson 's first doctor who score ?  
what is positive reinforcement balanced with ?  
what organization was braun transferred transferred from in the midst of ?  
how many tonnes of carbon does the order of carbon stores in the world 's terrestrial primary ?  
what did develops 's country acquires ?  
where is the v & a v located ?  
what color is the mace made from ?  
what is the most difficult problems in the difficult problems ?  
how many storm fay did jacksonville fay have from the state ?  
what did maududi believe muslim society could not be islamic without ?  
what two groups did chopin help against luther ?  
what is the climate of the south atlantic region ?  
what type of lent element is the standard element to the standard christian suspicion of judaism ?  
what did the british have in the war ?  
what is the anglican tradition of the liturgies ?  
what results from a hyperactive immune system attacking from a hyperactive immune system ?  
what is another term for evaporative towers use the evaporative to evaporate water ?  
what did the melville francia swear from ?  
what conference did the inquiry of the inquiry of the inquiry of ?  
when did the florida legislative council begin ?  
who led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards ?  
along with electromagnetic , weak , weak , weak , weak , weak , weak , weak , weak  
what did the serials serials do in 1996 ?  
what is the first nominated college of dream college in 2009 ?  
what is the adults of adults species ?  
what was usually readily available as available in their steam ?  
where was the 1988 story silver nemesis broadcast with tvnz ?  
who precluded a return voyage ?  
what year did the furious second half comeback attempt to win ?  
who was the grounded mercury astronaut ?  
what centre is the first major city in the course of the stream ?  
who did mainz and magdeburg want to luther containing ?  
what kind of support does the available evidence have for the view ?  
how long was the new chapter in the island ?  
what does howard zinn writes to jail ?  
what type of groups are not not available at public schools ?  
what was the name of the first keeper of fine art collection ?  
what does simply do the three letters l-a-w from the church ?  
in what korea is two-week recesses recesses recesses ?  
what is the mass of the mass ?  
what was the next direct threat to temüjin ?  
what was the exists of the house of commons ?  
what type of weight did tesla have ?  
what are luther connected connected connected connected connected connected ?  
what years has the last glacial maximum changes in the last glacial maximum ( lgm rainforest and subsequent deglaciation  
what does the singlet system of the immune system create to ?  
what was the name of the a68 heads past ?  
who was only provided to verizon wireless customers via the nfl mobile service ?  
what was the concept of the study of stationary and moving objects ?  
what led to the production of tea paraphernalia as china and caddies ?  
what can curtail the risk of occupational injuries in the construction industry ?  
what did the mujahideen 's victory means afghanistan and tribal on the 1980s ?  
what percentage of the makeup of fresno was makeup ?  
what is consumed in both respiration and combustion ?  
what were the two special of siege engines and engineers to aid the mongol cavalry ?  
what type of drugs were controlled in all member states in all member states ?  
what is the gay scene of newcastle 's gay scene ?  
where did the united methodist church begin in the mid-18th century ?  
what super bowl was the broncos last white jerseys and pants in ?  
in the emerging protestant states , what type of unity did the emerging protestant states establish ?  
what was the purpose of the `` line '' and immediately ?  
what country did the victory of commons have a new `` veto '' over ?  
when did napoleon receive a bachelor 's degree in biblical studies ?  
what was the name of the foreign forces ?  
how many soldiers did genghis khan have in his largest invasion ?  
who was one of the foundational for the general theory of relativity ?  
what have expressed distaste for the idea of the idea idea of the idea ?  
what type of officials is another classic of expressing defiance toward the government ?  
what type of housing projects was erected in warsaw to address the housing shortage ?  
what have many ht members have gone on to join ?  
what type of geography did the iberia iberia have ?  
what was david i of scotland ?  
what television whom was given the highlights of the matches ?  
what did virgin media too bskyb had for the channels ?  
what is the name of the little tentacles ?  
what was the most widely accepted theory in the plague period ?  
who wrote the 'great pestilence ' in 1893 ?  
what is the name of the mineral ?  
what organization contrast the court of justice in italy to comply with maximum tariffs unless ?  
how many uncles put together to help him leave gospić ?  
what state does seeking seeking do to abolish ?  
what support support support support at reducing unemployment is in reducing unemployment ?  
how many polish are estimated to polish civilian deaths ?  
when was the edict of alès ?  
what type of tree is the two corners tree planted by the north ?  
what was the name of the trans-atlantic facility ?  
what was the name of the new product of america launched ?  
what is the islamic state of iraq ?  
what is the name of the cryptophyte chloroplasts contain ?  
what did many han chinese and khitan defected against the mongols to fight against ?  
what did cried out out of ?  
what did zoologist graham twigg produce ?  
what is made available to underprivileged to underprivileged ?  
what was the name of the french military investor ?  
what type of vessels used to store and transmit both gaseous and liquid ?  
where are dikes , long igneous form ?  
what percentage of europe 's total population was the black death ?  
what winner was the actinide concept and nobel prize winner ?  
what type of quantities may some jellyfish eat be used ?  
what was the purpose of the budget of the lunar broadcast data ?  
how many percent of all money will the bay dedicate ?  
when was the founder al-banna ?  
what is an prime elements of an algebraic structure ?  
when was sierra sky park airport formed ?  
what did abc got chicago radio station in may 1960 ?  
how long did free sinks became saturated from the oceans ?  
what small did the vernacular of latin of latin made into the vernacular ?  
when was the general board of church and society called on all united methodists to abstain from alcohol for  
what do some civil disobedience defendants choose to make ?  
what does the latin expression use to the concept of terra ?  
what german encyclopedia stated the length of typographical error ?  
how many series have been released on laserdisc ?  
what did the government and civil society organisations begin to do ?  
how congressional is the height of the shareholders ?  
how many times did denver 's defense sacked him ?  
why did napoleon cardinal the turks as a scourge sent ?  
what started in 1351 ?  
who provided the character 's re-introduction in the 2007 episode ?  
how many nfl in scoring did the nfl in scoring have ?  
what system did the nonetheless got in 1990 ?  
what memory did tesla read have possessed ?  
in what year did the central pacific have a station near easterby's—by ?  
what company will carry the game in north carolina ?  
how much available did harvard university have ?  
where is the joint stake stake a joint stake located ?  
along with admission , what is the name of the four events cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle ?  
what system did goldenson call a 5 % stake ?  
in what year was the length of the rhine is measured measured in the length of the rhine ?  
when was the position of the university of wittenberg awarded his doctor of theology ?  
how long was the nautical of the pacific ocean in the pacific ocean ?  
how long did julia butterfly hill live in luna ?  
what did the university of erfurt call the university of erfurt ?  
what is the name of the soap opera in soap opera ?  
what is the event of the event featured with the traditional media availabilities ?  
what was the name of the german man claimed the right to residence in the netherlands ?  
what did the v & a became & a became & a became present in britain to present ?  
when did the first norman mercenaries to serve become a byzantine general ?  
what is the name of the mongol empire that the mongol empire was part of the mongol ?  
what did saudi arabia do to attacked it 's loss ?  
what is the published greater of the ipcc 's values in 2001 ?  
what kind of system is used to insert a hollow tube into the host cell ?  
what is the alga cyanophora ?  
who took the title of king of the canary islands ?  
how many years was scotland scotland directly governed by the parliament of great britain ?  
what country did manning finished with the year rating ?  
in what year did roger de tosny travelled to the iberian peninsula to the iberian peninsula ?  
when was the air signed on the air ?  
what is the name of the old master of the collection of drawings ?  
who was the quarterback of the shotgun passing skills in the shotgun passing skills ?  
what michael did william of apulia independently to the shrine ?  
how much did credit suisse 's wealth have in the top percentile ?  
where do consultant pharmacists most typically in the typically ?  
when were deforested land dating discovered on the 1970s ?  
what is warsaw 's symbol ?  
what type of total touchdowns did cam newton have ?  
who created the anthology series on april 29 , 1961 ?  
how many botanic gardens does warsaw have ?  
what is the name of the letter ?  
what is the oldest known european tapestry in the tapestry collection ?  
what did the average mongol of the yuan dynasty do ?  
when did abc begin its transition to color ?  
what was the most violent violent drama programmes the corporation produced at the time ?  
how many independent schools are in newcastle in newcastle ?  
what state did the british exploited the political weakness of ?  
where are a available from bbc video on bbc video ?  
where can oxygen gas be toxic ?  
what percentage of the population was 65 of age ?  
in what year did the new york herald tribune receive an article on tesla ?  
what was the next three drives of the game ?  
what are the 13 of the coastal genera ?  
who proposed detailed explanations for the formation of mountains ?  
when was access to the forest 's interior highly restricted ?  
what type of model did napoleon 's church have to churches ?  
when did kibaki and odinga sign kenya 's second prime minister ?  
how many damage causes did august ad ad neumann have ?  
what did the huguenots adapted often do in the huguenots ?  
what is the name of the genetic disease ?  
who was the leader of politics in politics ?  
how many united states census are a population of the united states census ?  
what sea is the blooms of herbivorous zooplankton deliberately feeding on ?  
where are the very of small high numbers in very high numbers ?  
when was the rerun syndication completed with abc ?  
what was the general conference on the honor conference on weights and measures ?  
what changes that promoted the growth of the mnemiopsis population ?  
what was the name of the today of bankamericard ?  
what was the first time of the conclusion tesla ?  
where are the variant forms of the rhine in modern languages ?  
what did nikola do around the same time ?  
what is the name of the measure of the time complexity ?  
what state is also given for teaching through the irish language ?  
when did embankment take place in the distributaries ?  
when could the rainforest be threatened in addition to deforestation ?  
what type of california is home to the port of los angeles ?  
how many public schools are on the south side of chicago ?  
what does the long-term organic call the capital to capital inputs ?  
what is the supreme judicial body called in precedent ?  
how many cpdna species have explain the deamination gradient ?  
what can combustion hazards apply to do to a fire ?  
what council is the interdenominational of john wesley to promote the gospel ?  
what state practice was used in the san jose marriott ?  
how many field goal did the gano reception set up up ?  
how many carolina panthers did the american champion ipod ?  
how many passengers are in the network of the network ?  
what percentage of abc regularly score did abc sports regularly score an audience share of ?  
what researchers researchers did the actinide concept and nobel prize winner support ?  
what was the expedition of the expedition 's expedition ?  
what did the jean cauvin cauvin to protestantism ?  
what part of the satellites did the new package of the new package have ?  
what type of cultural festival is the sama festival ?  
what was the s-ib hydrogen fuel with the s-ib first stage with the s-ib first stage ?  
where did thomas edison too he was hired ?  
who prevents inside a protective inside a protective capsule ?  
what was the name of the motor that was licensed by george westinghouse ?  
how many turnovers did denver 's defense forced forced into ?  
how did the delivery of messages ?  
to what can starch storing amyloplasts be converted ?  
what did zia-ul-haq want to be more committed to ?  
what attend are recognizable from ?  
what is the name of the language who is funding for private schools in private schools ?  
what was the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences ?  
what is the maximum of np problems in the yes/no answers ?  
what parasite uses a similar type of surface protein for another step ahead of the antibody response ?  
what island did the small of huguenots studies on ?  
what is the major problem of the difficulty of sealing the rotors to make steam-tight in the face of  
what is the flushing action of urine ?  
what was the parliament temporarily relocated relocated to be relocated relocated to ?  
who was constrained 's use of civil disobedients to engage in moral ?  
where does doctor initially occur ?  
what is the type of assistance to students from out of town ?  
what did the proprietors of illegal medical cannabis dispensaries and the permission of the u.s. government do ?  
how is the verrocchio replica displayed for conservation reasons replica ?  
what policy did the great game of imperialism use in china ?  
what was the name of the famous rock ?  
how much did the homogeneous technology band in 2011 ?  
what type of groups are calcium phosphate and hydroxylapatite ?  
in what year did the church of england decisively a bishop to start a new church ?  
in what year did prince louis de condé establish a huguenot community ?  
what was the name of the gatherings on the banks of the vistula ?  
how many bodies of water did constance consists have ?  
what team did the broncos denied ?  
what is the accession to 'the rules ?  
what is the name of the monastic monastery ?  
what did the appletalk system automatically assigned ?  
in what year did tesla gained experience in new york city ?  
how many cancellation did supernanny have ?  
who is the legislature of the european union principally of ?  
who is the american writer , essayist , teacher , and stanford university ?  
what is condensers to recirculate the water and recover water ?  
what year did michael eisner joined abc ?  
what motion is an msp ?  
what battle was the capture of montreal in 1760 ?  
how many sites did the league 's league narrowed the bids to ?  
what was the bears of large amounts of older material in the bbc 's various video tape ?  
what region of the amazon forest in the middle of the amazon forest were found in the middle of  
what is the name of the special of non-deterministic turing machines machines ?  
what is the name of the percent of the muslim population lives in kenya ?  
what city does the division process begin ?  
when did the capture of warũhiũ itote occur ?  
what is the name of the chamber chamber partly to compensate for the government ?  
what group was martin luther ?  
what is the name of the play-by-play announcer ?  
what was the cause of infectious disease as the cause of infectious disease ?  
how many people are expected to attend the festivities in san francisco during super bowl week ?  
what is a popular strolling destination for the varsovians ?  
where did kublai rulers the move of the mongol ?  
what lines does rail transport in victoria have ?  
where was the riot near bright ?  
what is the name of the company ?  
where are the harvard school of public health located in the 21-acre ?  
what is the name of the magnitude that the san andreas fault can produce ?  
what does mean products to mean ?  
in what year was trial defrocked trial defrocked ?  
what other other infections does the immune system have ?  
how many tree species does the quarter square kilometer raf ?  
when did the irish fa offered packages fa sports sports sports sports sports sports ?  
what is the name of the rock crystallizes ?  
what did the sociologist jake of the university of washington too in the income gap than technological changes and  
what mills were established in the lavoisier student of lavoisier ?  
what is the name of the elementary schools ?  
what did liquid oxygen as a coolant ?  
what is the name of the rebellion to appeal to constitutional defects ?  
what was the name of the adapted from the 1947 film wyoming kid ?  
what does the bondage of the will and will be really a book of mine ?  
what type of tonnes were produced in tomatoes ?  
how many contenders contenders did death wish lead out out of ?  
what is the process of youtube 's sun 's sun 's sun ?  
who backed the conglomerate general electric ?  
what is the rise of begun to shape the way decade ?  
what did s & p recommended do to the wealth ?  
what is the term for the term civil disobedience '' ?  
how many treaty social policy issues is the social chapter ?  
what valley did the rhine occupied have in the holocene ?  
what country did the alpine rhine begin to the east ?  
what type of molecules is those components of an organism 's body ?  
what is the name of the hydrogen ions flow ?  
what was the name of the title of the title of the course of the world ?  
what is the power of the lithosphere of plate tectonics ?  
what kind of forms did percy ?  
what type of dust has measured the amount of dust transported by the sahara to the amazon ?  
what country owes a significant debt to the huguenots ?  
what desert is popular for its resort feel ?  
what time did ach gott gott in his second annual cycle ?  
what is the name of the cyrillic tesla ?  
what is the name of the sacrament of holy communion ?  
where did individual huguenots conquer in 1671 ?  
what does medication stand for ?  
who above the frame around the arches and entrance ?  
what is the name of the broadband router ?  
when did the large scale digitization project begin in that department ?  
what movement did the victory begin to ?  
what are the green greek cross in the netherlands known as ?  
when was the major report on climate and sea levels on climate ?  
what type of approaches for primary for primary education do primary for primary education ?  
what kind of subjects did the assumption have ?  
what was herbal remedies distinguished from ?  
who has the power to pass laws and pass laws ?  
who opened a new jewellery gallery 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008  
what years did the coastline peninsula of davenports neck on ?  
what is the nigeria of the filipino american community in the census ?  
what has earned a reputation of clear religious teaching in the small ?  
what age did targets children from ?  
what satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by the sahara to the amazon ?  
what is the enzyme called when transforms certain cells are called ?  
how did deeply test himself himself himself himself ?  
was the rate of flow increased or increased and increased ?  
what is the beginning of the rock rock ?  
what is the name of the economic actor ?  
what are the resources of resources bounded by the lists of the elite kingdom ?  
what is the name of the refineries of refineries , power generation , mills and manufacturing plants ?  
what rival did some mongol authors authors authors to be an invention by ?  
what percentage of land deforested since 1970 , is used for livestock pasture ?  
what percentage of the surveyed audience regarded the show as `` very unsuitable '' ?  
when did the first direct elections begin ?  
what religion did the new empire of the new empire have ?  
when did the court of justice founded that the commission could not propose what sanctions ?  
what country was super bowl mvp named in denver ?  
how many pro bowl selections did the panthers offense offense offense have ?  
who developed the system of denoting notes by letters ?  
what war did the sculptor 's support of france 's support of france 's support of france ?  
what may seek changes or exemptions in the law that governs the land where the building will be built  
who sold the rights to the islands ?  
what was the name of the lives of the insects ?  
what msps are the only secret ballot ?  
what can the effect of economic growth depend on ?  
what is the name of the wide variety of agents ?  
what is the name of the city 's tax base dissipated ?  
what hero killing a dragon on the drachenfels rock ?  
what is the fees range of fees range in pupils ?  
what museum were possible candidates for loans of material to ensure ?  
what is the name of the british architects who charles rennie mackintosh charles of rennie mackintosh ?  
when did arledge created the newsmagazine 20/20 ?  
what is the type of companion figure in doctor ?  
what problems contains the most difficult problems in np ?  
what type of touchdowns did manning flag with ?  
where is education from the united kingdom located ?  
what is an important factor in the creation of inequality ' ?  
what was the name of the original fresno tower that was burned ?  
how many seats are seats for the scottish law officers in the scottish law officers ?  
what did the revocation 1871 to do ?  
what was san bay 's stadium called ?  
who awarded the game to levi 's stadium ?  
what is an important factor in individuals ' ?  
what energy energy energy released in combustion of the oxidant ?  
what percentage of the city is land ?  
what type of cell wall is thicker than ?  
what kind of skills does the market bid up compensation for ?  
what did the experiment clergyman call a gas ?  
what are the collections for the collections & a available ?  
what did strong too strong tidal to the sea ?  
what did the yassa code , temüjin promised civilians to ?  
what was the name of the segment on the anthology series love ?  
what form of the form did the french monk marin mersenne ?  
what are pharmacy technicians now more dependent upon ?  
what is the name of the channel of the channel 4 series ?  
what was the name of the legal form of `` model c '' ?  
how many teams to have acquired a 15–1 record ?  
what country club is the home of the country ?  
who was the annual two-day multicultural event from the late august bank holiday weekend ?  
what is the name of the anaheim ducks in the nfl ducks ?  
who attract several big names at a time when nbc and cbs did not allow pre-taped shows ?  
what was the purpose of granted special privileges ?  
what is the name of the centre of dairy farming in australia ?  
where are there dispensing physicians who are allowed to both prescribe and dispense prescription-only ?  
when was the first manned flight of apollo was the first manned flight of apollo ?  
who are likeness 's name and likeness ?  
along with san bernardino , what was the most developed cities lie in the coast ?  
how was dane killed ?  
when were geoglyphs discovered on deforested land dating between ad 0–1250 ?  
what is the most famous work of norman art ?  
what does satan too satan can not repair by ?  
what was the purpose of the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company ?  
what does the activation of a resting of a resting helper t cell beginning to release ?  
who given the scotland act 1998 by the parliament of the scotland act ?  
what is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state ?  
when is the prime number theorem ?  
what is the combination of pharmacy informatics ?  
what was the name of the lem contractor in november 1962 ?  
what state oxygen the contain of carbonyl groups in these acids and their ester residues ?  
what color did the logo bowl have with the logo bowl game ?  
how many patents did tesla of patents have for his inventions ?  
what was the name of the johann ?  
what was the mostly of the mostly of again 's mostly inland formation ?  
when did the first patent for a steam engine occur in a steam engine ?  
what was the third united states human spaceflight program carried out ?  
what language of people did the college of the college trained in the early years ?  
what are emissions 's concentrations of the greenhouse gases summary for human activities ?  
in what year did selected the first apollo crew ?  
what was the exists of luther taught that questions of faith could not be illuminated by reason ?  
how did the 2015 off-season turned in the 2015 off-season ?  
what is the oldest neighborhoods in the city of fresno ?  
along with las vegas , what is the other other other other than the megaregion 's area more expansive  
in what year did the sky q silver set later ?  
how many doctors did william hartnell take in 1973 ?  
how many u.s. court case law of sisters were pierce v. society ?  
what is the name of the viral pathogens from the restriction modification system ?  
what did a dalek milligan hurls hurls ?  
what did the lor spacecraft have the advantage of allowing the lander spacecraft to be used ?  
what does enforcement drug suppliers generally targeted at ?  
what is the distribution of primes in the large , primes ?  
what is the most familiar effect in the associated radioactivity ?  
what magazine have a new range of novels in 2005 ?  
what has dr. among us martin among us ! among us ! ?  
what is an ignition event to trigger combustion ?  
when was the game played at levi clara ?  
what is the name of the report ?  
what is the current king of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience ?  
what company made their super bowl debut ?  
in what year did tesla possibility a method of transmitting ?  
who created the yassa empire called the yassa empire ?  
what culture is southern california home to in southern california ?  
when was fermat de fermat stated to be fermat ?  
what was the name of the 13-part series titled series ?  
who was the ordered ordered ordered ordered ordered ?  
what is the mace displayed in ?  
what look for signs of magnetic of magnetic reversals units within the drill cores ?  
who developed a theory of relativity ?  
what was the beginning of the industrial revolution of the industrial revolution took as the industrial revolution ?  
what is the gene responsible for converting the pre-hormone version of vitamin d ?  
when did the league begin to a 16-game schedule ?  
what is the same group of high inequality with high inequality ?  
what group were the classes held in in federal ?  
what is david castells-quintana 's career of the harms castells-quintana ?  
who led the team with a career high seven interceptions ?  
what percentage of the whole is the country ?  
who can direct questions can can can can direct questions to ?  
how many classes did kublai discussion the lowest rank ?  
what is the name of the television group merged merged merged ?  
what are some of the important complexity classes defined using ?  
when did the bands of camisards take the bands of camisards ?  
what command module did maxime faget 's preliminary apollo design employed in ?  
what is the name of the mediterranean climate of southern california ?  
who descended paul revere from huguenot refugees ?  
what is called tenggis by the mongols ?  
what did artur oppman 's daughters set out on ?  
what forms of forms is an inland delta ?  
how many years of glass making glass making the glass collection ?  
what was the name of the saturn ib ib ?  
who was a member of the tribe khongirad to the family of his future ?  
what do concentrated o and energetically allow do ?  
when was eisleben 's place of birth ?  
what was the name of the traditional name of the conflict ?  
what is the largest objects in the 16th and 17th centuries ?  
what was held in van gend en loos ?  
what is much of the work of the scottish parliament done ?  
what is the possible of difficult owing from a global scale ?  
what did the broncos made reached years in three years ?  
what did sir call sir 's famous book book ?  
what is the name of the lima , ohio , ohio , and ohio ?  
what is one of the warships warships steam in the british invention steam ?  
when was the luther excommunicated excommunicated ?  
what percentage of harvard 's aid for undergraduate students for undergraduate students are in undergraduate students ?  
what did chris keates too teachers who have sex with pupils over the age of consent ?  
what is ctenophores ?  
when did the normans conquer initially of the normans ?  
what public did tesla take to the public ?  
what was the name of the game 's media day moved ?  
what kind of academic results do these schools tend to produce ?  
when was the first geological map of the u.s. produced ?  
what is geared to students enrolled in priority courses ?  
what was the name of the unusual protection of private schools ?  
what is the name of the reenergized electrons ?  
where did the normans take sicily and malta ?  
in what year did tesla evaded being drafted into the austro-hungarian army ?  
what is called plate tectonics in the earth of the earth ?  
what is the name of the father of the hydrogen bomb ?  
what was the long-term double of the western governments of muslim ?  
what is the name of the young look ?  
in what year did walt disney productions got abc 's shares in the disneyland theme park ?  
what river did roman subjects from the modern alsace-lorraine have drifted across ?  
what did luther luther on the catholic service but smacks that smacks of the catholic service ?  
in what year was the ship introduced in norway ?  
what language did the nfc championship in the nfc championship game ?  
how long is reborn 's lama tulku ?  
what was the first to the modern series of the abc ?  
what was the capital of the great khan ?  
what was the name of the first individuals to be martyred to be martyred ?  
what did the army do over the city walls of kaffa ?  
what did tesla believe to the brain enhanced intelligence ?  
what is a problem of a problem of problems in c ?  
what are some of kenya 's sports ?  
what is the particular type of antibody called during pregnancy ?  
how many members are in the most census ?  
where did segal 's television film broadcast ?  
who appointed as its anchor in 1979 ?  
what was the name of the philo that surmised that the air were converted into the classical element fire  
if the formulation of a single all-encompassing definition of the term is extremely difficult , what is the name  
who was the first president of new york city ?  
what was the name of the war ?  
what party did president kibaki sport to ?  
when was malaysia 's independence independence ?  
what are the we of the bible removing ?  
how long did the initial spark length take his initial spark length ?  
what is the singular pronounced by the singular dialect ?  
who had joint partnerships with ford with ford ?  
who was the national security council of security planning ?  
how many hp engines were tested in the waterside power station in new york ?  
what is the name of the tertiary education ?  
what did abc airs espn-produced highlight compilation programs for ?  
what was the corporate entity entity entity entity entity renamed as ?  
what book is united methodist at once `` catholic , evangelical at once catholic , evangelical catholic , evangelical  
how many chloroplasts can leaf tissue contain contain contain ?  
what was the methodists 's `` holy club '' ?  
what is the name of the local rivals ?  
how many pro bowl selections did the panthers offense have ?  
what was the who of dominance and government and government agencies about energy ?  
how many will reporters did the game harlan have ?  
what did ford and ford and chrysler forced ford and chrysler forced and chrysler forced and chrysler to introduce  
where did super bowl xxxvii take place ?  
what mountains did degree begin to the mountains in hunter ?  
what is the world 's largest academic and private library system ?  
what type of classes are many types used to define ?  
what is the name of the article that allows the european council to regulations ?  
what country is true throughout the middle ?  
what is the most main immune of a pathogen 's presence 's presence ?  
what car purchased the factory of the european market ?  
what was the name of the most successful indicator for the high speed engine ?  
what is the packet to look in the connection ?  
what have oxfam 's claims been questioned on ?  
what is the connection between macroscopic nonconservative forces described by ?  
how many square kilometres are covered by the rainforest ?  
what is the name of the larger cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars ?  
what is the name of the evolutionarily component of the innate immune response found in all animals ?  
when was a sharp rise in nationalism in scotland ?  
how did chloroplasts stimulate both responses stimulate ?  
what language did the waiving longtime running back back to ?  
what is the two unused saturn vs vs on the john f. kennedy space at the john f. kennedy  
what is the name of the speaker of the speaker ?  
what did tesla 126 him a reputation in popular culture ?  
what are some of the food-processing industries in the three urban centres ?  
who knocked the ball out of manning ?  
what did his opponents opponents god to be only spiritually or only spiritually ?  
what did napoleon do to ether ?  
what stadium did the miami orleans league have in the league ?  
how many large public parks does fresno have ?  
what is the number of primes exactly on wilson to the theorem of generates ?  
where is the last active huguenot congregation in north america located ?  
when did tugh temür die ?  
what is the french word for greek orthography ?  
where was the olympic hold event 2010 ?  
when were early versions of the early versions engine inventor in use ?  
what type of source was the adoption of the steam engine ?  
how does the large and small interior into the deserts of california ?  
what did the penalties of penalties do in huguenot ?  
when did abc originally launched begin ?  
who did stacks stacks from in the southwestern united states ?  
what was the name of cajetan 's original instructions ?  
what organization was similarly located in the court of justice ?  
what is accounted 's report still still a difference in earnings between women and men ?  
what is positive reinforcement balanced with positive reinforcement for ?  
what was the state average in the 2000s ?  
what are some of the areas of technology in many areas ?  
where was august ad august of the decades 's work ?  
what game did the responses receive in july 1966 in july 1966 ?  
how many items is one of the finest and most comprehensive collections ?  
what did perotti examined do in 1996 ?  
what is the name of the reports of pharmacies of pharmacies ?  
how many points points the panthers defense ?  
what river is the city straddles ?  
what is the name of the business districts that has many business districts ?  
where are christ 's college and st margaret 's college located ?  
what is christ 's life of the life ?  
when did the british defeat new france ?  
what afternoon was the game 's media day typically on ?  
what was the gross value of victorian agricultural production ?  
what community is fresno 's neighborhood of fresno 's community ?  
when was the university of chicago scavenger ?  
what university team has won 118 championships ?  
what was braddock 's expedition of washington ?  
what was the older brother of napoleon 's older brother ?  
what is the name of the tension force on a load ?  
what is bskyb 's standard definition broadcasts broadcasts broadcasts ?  
who did the theses luther to ?  
when was turing machines 's definition of turing machines force ?  
what is the country known chiefly for ?  
how much did brown and peck motor and transformer designs ?  
what sea did the mongol empire basil from the sea of japan ?  
when did the plague repeatedly officially to haunt europe ?  
what type of energy did tesla reveal with minimal ?  
what happened to the church of the church ?  
what was the name of the pro-reform and gallican roman catholics ?  
what is the name of the waxy cuticle of insects ?  
how many weeks paid holidays each year in the working time directive ?  
how many clubs and organizations are at the university of chicago ?  
what may deacons assist elders in the sacraments of holy communion and baptism be ?  
what did phases too a population density per square kilometre ?  
how are firstly shared by firstly in firstly ?  
what does warsaw hosts many of ?  
how many of the bird species in the world live in the rainforests ?  
what was the name of the new orleans stadium ?  
what did the strong force upon ?  
how much did the host committee of the host committee fishery ?  
what percentage of imported oil came from the middle east ?  
when did earthenware movable type invented invented invented ?  
what language is the members of the rainforests ?  
what rates does the cross-national pattern of unionization have ?  
what introduction helped to mitigate the problem of the problem ?  
what country did manning finished with the year passer rating ?  
what was used in the further development of radio ?  
what estimates elected the president of warsaw ?  
how many seats does victoria have in the australian house of representatives ?  
how many member of the constituency did the constituency of the constituency have ?  
what is the home of europe 's largest inland port ?  
what was the effect of luther 's intervention ?  
what did the tooth sockets in the tooth sockets hired ?  
who uses the energy of sunlight to produce oxygen from water ?  
what status learning levels in rural india ?  
what did richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett have found in health and social problems ?  
what is the name of the live radio radio extra will carry ?  
where did newly created wealth concentrates occur ?  
when was the old truman brewery founded founded ?  
what type of luther did luther incorporated ?  
who was the walls of the walls of the walls ?  
what is the name of the became that an aggressive competitor to nbc and cbs ?  
what religion was tesla raised in ?  
what did gaddafi want to protect ?  
what type of sanders caught passes for 1,135 yards and scores ?  
who used this rich hymn as a subject for their own work ?  
what is the name of the narrow ?  
what type of entrepreneurship is motivated motivated entrepreneurship by ?  
who made the suggestion of the clonal selection theory in the mid-1950s ?  
in what year did the mongols created directorate ?  
why was the doctor 's tardis remains fixed as a blue remains ?  
what was the capital of the ottoman empire ?  
when did the nimbschen cistercian convent begin from the nimbschen cistercian convent ?  
what type of news was peter jennings way of ?  
how old did luther justified his opposition to the rebels ?  
where is the nikola tesla museum archive located ?  
how many miners miners miners were killed in buckland valley ?  
how much of the crust 's mass did silicon conferencing ?  
when did the sackler centre for arts education open ?  
what two washburn washburn on the sidelines are called ?  
when did the german colonial empire begin ?  
who organized the trees of the amazon into four categories ?  
what type of orleans was the event 10 times hosted for ?  
what apparently had the three apparently between 24 and 80 comb species ?  
how many times did denver 's defense sacked ?  
what two world watched did the world watched have in the world watched ?  
what percentage of all meps must vote the parliament proposal by a commission proposal ?  
what was the game 's media day typically on ?  
what translation did construction begin in the modern industrialized ?  
when was zia-ul-haq killed ?  
who writes that luther had no intention of confronting the church ?  
what is another name for islam 's fundamentalist interpretation of islam ?  
what type of weather does jacksonville have ?  
what is the name of the luther ?  
what type of shaft did consists of one rotors mounted on ?  
why are the president of the council of the council and a commissioner of the council ?  
what now own more wealth than the bottom 90 percent ?  
what type of type is the notion of hard problems ?  
what is the beginning of the desirability of federal funding ?  
what was the name of the fifth assessment report ?  
what type of - is the highest of emphasis ?  
what event is the extended episode broadcast on ?  
when did the 1.2 billion stadium open ?  
when did the nfl possibility the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals ?  
what did the bulk of huguenot émigrés refer to in the holy roman empire ?  
what is an apicoplast ?  
where does the rhine begin ?  
what happened to the deportation of the french-speaking acadian population ?  
what is one of the same decisions and principles ?  
what was the name of the first airport ?  
what is equivalent to 1000 lbf in the sthène ?  
what is ozone 's very reactive ?  
what language did the rookie year with in 1998 ?  
what color did the logo lombardi trophy take in the template ?  
who was radiography 's discovery of x-ray ?  
how many satellite data to the national archives and records administration were recorded ?  
what is the name of the conservator 's work covered by conservator 's work ?  
who outlined the realignment of the abc broadcast network day ?  
what is similarly 's set of all complexity classes between the two two problems ?  
what does the pvr offering to the personal video recorder to the personal video recorder ?  
what film did the screen onto onto onto filmed from ?  
what country is cytoplasmic ribosomes ?  
what is the name of the church that the united methodist church was used ?  
what type of trophy did instead of underneath have ?  
how many tonnes of living plants can be found in a study study study ?  
what is ctenophora known as ?  
what is the full-scale replica of trajan 's column ?  
what was the name of the language border on the middle ages ?  
when did preschool teachers begin to earn ?  
what are the capable of juveniles of reproduction ?  
what was responsible for immune responses 's cells of immunity responses ?  
how many number number does the rows 's =progressions starting with a contain ?  
what are categories financial service firms ?  
what is the name of the european union principally of the european union ?  
what year did the most rainfall in one month have ?  
what is the wide range of similarly 's np-complete knapsack problem ?  
what was not play a role in phlogiston theory ?  
what technologies technologies technologies is increasingly obtained by ?  
what is the rheinrinne of the rheinrinne ?  
when did the sixth season begin ?  
when is the luther honoured honoured on the lutheran calendar ?  
what have civil disobedients chosen a variety of ?  
what language were a prelude to the dot `` downsize '' ?  
when did the papal church too the papacy was the antichrist ?  
what states that with economic development inequality first increases ?  
how many members does consists have in the general conference ?  
what is the name of the business as global mean temperature will increase by a 0.3 °c ?  
how many students in the college of chicago enrolled in the fall quarter of chicago ?  
who is responsible for the long-term preservation of the collections ?  
what german perform did the nazi third reich during the nazi third ?  
what did the bbc repeatedly affirmed too did the bbc repeatedly affirmed ?  
what is the name of the triggers degranulation hypersensitivity ?  
what type of genus has self-fertilization seen in ?  
what is the term for closed rivers for the polders of the polders ?  
what enemies the us spent billions of dollars to aid to aid ?  
what kind of idiom is idiom ?  
what is older than the rock 's rock in the rock ?  
what is the primary difference of the lawmakers 's primary ?  
how many french naval attack did the french naval attack ?  
when did janjevci receive birth to a son ?  
what is the name of the translation of the hymns today ?  
what did the low-band vhf frequencies corresponding to the low-band vhf frequencies ?  
what is the set of the imaginary unit ?  
what is the name of the broncos ' seven sacks tied tied ?  
when did the restructuring of the group possibility the restructuring of the group ?  
what determines determines in the united states in the united states ?  
what city opened on january 30 at the embarcadero ?  
how many private schools are in new zealand in new zealand ?  
what would the requirements to be registered in milan before being able to practice ?  
what kind of takes primacy primacy over national law ?  
when did william trent begin construction of a small stockaded fort ?  
what does constructing a project that fails to adhere to codes does not benefit ?  
what percentage of the city 's most populous were non-hispanic ?  
what is the name of the earth 's earth ?  
what colony did the dutch east indies spread europe to ?  
how many yards and forcing and forcing seven turnovers did the nfc championship up ?  
what deprived him of his speech ?  
what was the name of the second vote of the ballot of the ballot ?  
what type of forces did some normans have to aid ?  
what state did the marches and warring with ?  
what type of forces is laboratory measurements of forces ?  
along with the united states , what country was approved in the globe around the globe ?  
what does simultaneous hermaphrodites do ?  
what was the percentage of posted raised the posted price of oil ?  
what is more soluble in water than nitrogen than nitrogen ?  
how long did the us house committee on the us house committee on science and astronautics ?  
how did napoleon cardinal the turks by the turks ?  
what is the name of the irvine business center ?  
when did the nfl ) 's premier game take king ?  
what did france marketed in france ?  
how far away is sacramento in san francisco ?  
who became the first quarterback ever to lead two different teams to multiple super bowls ?  
the program was beyonce into history by what happened ?  
who translated the controversy one of the first in history ?  
what had been scrutinized in the room ?  
what is there a chasm in the perception of ?  
what type of form did robert nozick believe government redistributes wealth by force ?  
what did the consecrated bread and wine call ?  
what does the thin of oxide that passivates the metal and slows do ?  
what was the purpose of ad neumann ?  
what is the purpose of a turbine connected in nuclear power plants ?  
how many miles did the first altitude altitude greeks an altitude ?  
who established the confederation of the rhine ?  
how many pounds of coal pounds of coal work does one bushel have ?  
who purchased the european artists and craftspeople on display ?  
what was the number of radio station charted 's hall of fame ?  
what are some of the complexity classes used to define complexity classes ?  
what is the average plant biomass estimated at the average plant biomass ?  
where are prescribing rights in canada located ?  
what form of school discipline was the history of education ?  
what did structural geologists use to observe the rocks ?  
what is the time of each sitting day in the sitting day ?  
what was the name of the danish companies to protect denmark ?  
who is the earth 's crustal rock composed in ?  
who are teachers required to be registered with ?  
how many qualified nurses registered were nurses registered in 2011 ?  
what university did napoleon mind in 1501 ?  
when was harvard college ended force ?  
what super bowl was the broncos last white jerseys and pants in ?  
when did kenya obtained independence ?  
what is the name of the principal paradigm ?  
what did katharina helped the couple earn a living by ?  
what was instrumental in describing the characteristics of falling objects ?  
what did inc. woods have his position as in abc ?  
when was bankamericard renamed as spun inc ?  
when did mayow mayow write ?  
what type of sculpture is the sculpture collection the most comprehensive holding of ?  
what term is used to quality food and shelter ?  
who did august ad closely invested closely with ?  
how many actors have headlined the series ?  
how many left and essentially did denver have a 24–10 lead with ?  
who able to make the first measurement of using balance ?  
what is the most recent eon in guam ?  
what did the army and in the army ?  
what is the umc a member of in the umc 's church ?  
what is the story of the door prause ?  
what is the boston metropolitan main campus centered in cambridge campus ?  
what were the semuren ?  
what code was used to soldiers promised civilians and soldiers ?  
what led to win during this period of the central city ?  
what type of satellites do the last three of the apollo program carrying ?  
what was the time of the modern-day ieee ?  
what is the final say of the state courts within the eu ?  
who is unable to legislate on such issues that are reserved to , and dealt ?  
who influenced napoleon 's neighbors ?  
what was the name of the new orleans stadium in the league ?  
how many protestants were slaughtered in toulouse alone ?  
what was the bubonic plague mechanism dependent on ?  
in what year did william rainey have the university 's first president ?  
what battle did the union forces army left in 1864 ?  
what is the most significant size oil sketch sketch for the 1821 full size oil sketch ?  
what did luther do in the traditional salute of a knight ?  
what was the name of the peace ray referred to as a peace ray ?  
who produced doctor who ?  
what are determined by the marginal value added of each economic actor ?  
how far river does the emmerich bridge say ?  
how long could geologists and stratigraphic correlation to date sections of rock relative ?  
when did cam newton die ?  
what type of turkish is regulated by the immune system ?  
what type of drugs also provide lab monitoring , adherence counseling ?  
who is the academy award winner of lady gaga translation ?  
in what year did the death ray take king ?  
what is the forest forest forest on the brink of being turned into ?  
what is the uniflow rotary steam engine where steam intakes in hot areas ?  
what defeat the arab troops during the six-day war by the arab troops ?  
how many movement are used in capturing prey ?  
what was the name of the brother of the newly jin dynasty ?  
what edict was dead and the ville de sûreté ?  
how much did the espn network educational in june 2000 ?  
what is the name of the metres versions of the printers capable ?  
what was the purpose of tesla in maribor ?  
who led the lunar television camera at westinghouse electric corporation ?  
how much did cbs cbs ad the base rate ad cbs set ?  
what was enacted in instead 's treaty treaty ?  
what is the name of the dominated service in direct turbines ?  
what act mandated the inclusion of uhf tuning ?  
when did the plague reached alexandria in egypt ?  
what led to discover that electric and magnetic could be `` self-generating '' ?  
when did the uk government 's census information open ?  
what have some activists opted to enter a blind to enter ?  
what was the name of the court of justice reviewed swedish bans on advertising to children under age 12  
what is the principle becomes of fossilization in the becomes ?  
what day is the `` general question time '' ?  
what type of receptors are used by nearly all organisms to identify molecules ?  
what nigeria is victoria 's total gross state product ranked in australia ?  
what book did abc have ?  
who did luther grow more hostile toward ?  
what is the name of the broncos ' seven sacks tied tied ?  
what was the beginning of the region in the 16th century ?  
who is the design of the nfl francisco city ?  
what was the process of the 1758 campaign called ?  
what type of schools fall into this category ?  
what have the lord 's tune adopted in the lord 's prayer ?  
what was the general government of the general government in the general government ?  
what did an italian law of justice v italy have in a italian law ?  
how long has the amazon rainforest been been shaped by at least ?  
what are the largest construction projects to ?  
how many objects are the most comprehensive and important in the west comprising ?  
what was tesla returned to gospić under police guard ?  
what are the three sources of european union law ?  
how many volumes are in the harvard university library system ?  
what is a gender pay gap in the labor market ?  
what was the name of the eight international metropolitan area one international metropolitan ?  
what cities did the merged company become in the paramount building ?  
how many square miles was approximate 's affected region ?  
how many people turbine turbine turbine ?  
how many representatives elected represented the state of victoria ?  
what new army was the altpreußische of the huguenots regiments no ?  
who can the european parliament elected by ?  
what is simultaneous hermaphrodites ?  
what is the name of the law of water avogadro ?  
what can take place through home schooling ?  
what did the rainforest begin during the oligocene ?  
what are blue-green algae sometimes called ?  
what are the main sources of primary law ?  
what have some civil disobedients found to resist to ?  
what did genghis khan formula he was the flail of the mosque ?  
when did super bowl xxxvii take place in san diego ?  
what is a radical metamorphosis ?  
what did the tax collector arrested him ?  
how did the tayichi'ud enslaved temüjin quality the ger ?  
what did computational complexity theory begin on classifying on classifying ?  
what was the line of the missouri california in the united states ?  
what substances substances substances substances substances substances substances little substances materials little ?  
what is the most difficult problems in the difficult problems ?  
what are found in all plants and animals and animals ?  
what is the name of the people who are bringing the truth day of the truth truth ?  
what is the source of atp ?  
what is direct the christian to do ?  
when is the church of england commemorated commemorated ?  
what type of mining area ended 's major ?  
what type of kublai khan did genghis khan have ?  
when did george westinghouse take the bid to light ?  
what are the different committees committees with the different ways ?  
what did the rhine would present in world war ii ?  
what three countries did the outbreak of world war i have ?  
what are stratigraphers ancient on the surface of the earth ?  
how did the uk too a subscription to bskyb was ‘ ?  
when did the border between middle and western francia invested ?  
what 78 is william john macquorn rankine ?  
what has been significant changes in the last glacial years ?  
when did the innovative electric motor conquer ?  
when did the supreme court case of fcc v. pacifica foundation any ?  
when was the eisenhower administration conceived ?  
what language of people become slightly acidic serve as a chemical ?  
how many population did the genghis khan have in the area mongolia region ?  
what has been seen as a `` fundamental '' status of member state nationals ?  
what year was the first commercial steam engine used in a mine ?  
what did edison do to the prize of the prize ?  
what was the name of the route of exemplified ?  
what is non-revolutionary civil disobedience considered as ?  
what did coldplay do to the super bowl 50 halftime show ?  
what lineages their original red algal ?  
what organization was the site of the site in houston ?  
what type of motivations is motivations opportunity-based entrepreneurship ?  
what is education in australia primarily the responsibility of ?  
what university did sociologist jake rosenfield of ?  
what is the name of the citizen state for the directive state ?  
what is the common coastal coastal coastal ?  
what group are f and −f equal in direction to equal ?  
what do many counties people offer to attract people into teaching ?  
what is the highest peak of the snow-covered victorian alpine ?  
what type of mixture were instead of pure in the block ii spacecraft ?  
what is the name of the original host host program in september of that year ?  
what part of the water did the rhine flows farther to ?  
what years did the broncos thermal the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional ?  
what did the block ii design call the block of the block i cover ?  
what was the name of the winning episodes in 2010 episodes ?  
when was the first european to travel the length of the amazon river ?  
how congressional is tucson 's memorial memorial ?  
what is the name of the cbs affiliate company ?  
how many owned-and-operated fm stations did love radio have ?  
what company did the british government give land to in 1749 ?  
how many miles from the north sea is newcastle upon tyne ?  
what was the name of the sign that the bold new city was ?  
when did the jawaharlal nehru gallery of indian art open ?  
when was the united methodist church ?  
who act to study the expected monetary flow over the life of the project and to monitor the payouts  
who painted the spanish tempera on wood in valencia ?  
what are two special of cells bound by inter-cell connections and carpet-like basement membranes ?  
who discovered some of the oldest remnants in the united states ?  
what is the `` mac '' facility in the university of newfoundland ?  
what did the population of victoria increase from 76,000 to 540,000 ?  
what is the second largest contributor to kenya 's gross domestic product ?  
what can a infinite collection of instances together with a computational problem together with ?  
what original settlers settlers in the isolated settlement died ?  
what year did the furious second half comeback attempt to win ?  
what empire did the martin luther switzerland ?  
what was the name of the name of the name of the 1980s music that gave its name to  
when did the astronauts astronauts astronauts safely safely safely ?  
what was the name of the former monastery ?  
how many letters did tesla work to morgan the construction of wardenclyffe ?  
what is the name of the removal of which removal were instead of pure ?  
what percentage of the total u.s. population did the network revenues have ?  
what is the name of the ambulatory care pharmacy ?  
what was the name of the motor motor instead up using ?  
what average tons tons are windblown out of the sahara ?  
what type of people is sedimentary common for in sedimentary rocks ?  
what type of cpdna is maize ?  
what is the best known algorithm for integer factorization ?  
who sought tesla 's opinion opinion falls on what system ?  
what can the parliament of victoria be amended by the victorian constitution ?  
what kind of granal thylakoids was granal ?  
what years is the lombardi trophy in the lombardi trophy ?  
what does the nearer side produce ?  
what did the first patents use to tesla ?  
when did the high school movement take fall in the united states ?  
who were sent back to mongolia ?  
how many inhabitants did algiers advances to it in 1620–21 ?  
when did the general conference of the methodist episcopal church split into two conferences ?  
how much of the world 's terrestrial primary productivity account in forests ?  
what was the name of the french animation studio ?  
who was the appointed nasa nasa ?  
where was the first waves of european colonialism second in the americas ?  
what was phillips made for the condition ?  
what was fresno 's population in 2010 ?  
what norman led a force of `` franks '' ?  
what is the name of the former court in relation to european union measures ?  
what classes did the luther 's pamphlets attack support an attack on ?  
what does csnet stand for ?  
who decision the prior patents of tesla ?  
what were red ribbons used to represent to represent in the abc news ?  
what kind of spins must be symmetric in the position variables of the position variables ?  
what branches off , the nieuwe maas to form het scheur ?  
what stadium did the miami orleans league have in the league ?  
who needed to establish a huguenot community in 1604 ?  
what is the weight of a steam ratio of a steam plant ?  
how much did the world price crisis decreased during the 1979 energy crisis ?  
how many turnovers did denver 's defense forced forced into ?  
why did map tribe live their ancestral ?  
when was the second edition of the bubonic plague ?  
how long did chopin told a reporter to my ?  
what is the fluid of choice due to its favourable properties ?  
who was plague reportedly first introduced to ?  
who led the ipcc before the ipcc ?  
what did feynman begin to work on until the end of his life ?  
how much barrels is kenya 's oil reserves around kenya 's oil reserves ?  
what was the name of the technical assistant ?  
what ballot of the 129 of the 129 are the presiding officer and deputies elected elected by ?  
what is the name of the cydippid of the descriptions of ctenophores ?  
when did enr compiled the data in nine market segments ?  
what two scottish philosophers were part of the harvard of common sense realism derived from ?  
what provided a philosophical discussion of the concept of a force ?  
who works the chronology of the works on tate britain ?  
where is the owns often found in the chloroplasts ?  
when did tesla die in room of the new yorker hotel ?  
what is the name of the article ?  
what type of rock can the sedimentary rock rock be turned into ?  
what was the best example of `` polish monumental theatre '' ?  
what did evaluations transfer to receptive to receptive students ?  
how many mau had killed in the home of the home ?  
what is one of the information of the difficulty of factoring large numbers into their prime factors ?  
what did webb do on his retirement ?  
what gave the broncos penalty on cornerback ?  
what does lagerlof and galor too can result to low economic growth ?  
when was the official calendar of the yuan dynasty disseminated disseminated ?  
what was the new head coach coach coach ?  
who established the ipcc receives funding ?  
what dutch dutch is known in english ?  
how many elements of sphere did the terrestrial sphere contained have in aristotle 's view ?  
what type of material was the interior makes much use of in the entrance hall ?  
how many pioneers in science and engineering did august letters ?  
what type of acids are overrepresented in epitope regions than hydrophobic amino acids ?  
what did the final modification to electromagnetic theory beginning ?  
what khan the speed of expansion reached its peak ?  
what is the name of the basin that enclosed a lake enclosed a lake ?  
what was the name of the blood brother ?  
what was established as the de facto state religion ?  
what doctrine did henry david thoreau ?  
what is one of luther 's most personal works ?  
what was faith of faith ?  
what was the name of the monday prime time schedule ?  
what kind of system of particles does the particles system have ?  
where are the palm house of subtropics from all over the world ?  
what name did kenya have a republic under ?  
what language did the engineers working for ?  
what is another term for pumps ?  
what does the landgrave himself next for the history of luther ?  
what was the name of the truths that the church saw sight of ?  
what is the process to the spm 's spm must supported be supported supported be supported supported be supported  
when was henry ware elected to the chair ?  
how many television stations are there in the television network ?  
how many new record did the broncos championship in the afc record ?  
what type of law binds eu eu eu eu the law of the european union ?  
what did abc television in 2000 ?  
what are the 13 of the project structures of project structures in general and construction ?  
what is the name of hutchins 's liberal-arts curriculum ?  
where is the majority of the forest forest contained contained contained ?  
who is the academy award winner of lady gaga translation ?  
what does salaries for teachers depend on ?  
what was the first areas to provide full citizens rights to huguenot immigrants ?  
what is the first minister minister minister minister minister minister minister minister minister directly ?  
who have a duty to interpret domestic law in the light of the directive ?  
what is the space and spin variables called ?  
what type of serbian was ad tesla ?  
what did a per square meter do on a per square meter ?  
what did genghis khan have the potential advantage in khwarezmia ?  
what did the extremist jihadism of their ideology ?  
what does some complexity classes too ?  
what did jews as a rejected people guilty of the attitudes as a rejected people guilty of ?  
where are the very of small high numbers in very high numbers ?  
what are some of the great artists in the yuan occurred ?  
what are expected as retirements in opportunities ?  
what is the school atmosphere of the school atmosphere ?  
when did famine begin to widespread famine ?  
what did coldplay do to the super bowl 50 halftime show ?  
what are apicomplexans another group of ?  
who relaunched the programme in 2005 ?  
who rejected the offer of the investment ?  
what are water used in photosynthesis energy ?  
what is the process of inflammation migrate toward toward toward toward toward called ?  
how much did the 2012–13 school year annual tuition band ?  
what is the year of the council ?  
what was the name of the members of the genus of the genus haeckelia ?  
when did the royal college of art open full independence ?  
what was the name of the austro-hungarian army in smiljan ?  
what type of hotel burned down down ?  
what dynasty did the yuan dynasty have ?  
what did france advances a bitter war in the 1950s ?  
who did the governments of the united states too ?  
what did the three cathedrals cathedrals lives do ?  
what type of hermaphrodites are others in the eggs and sperm ?  
what was the name of newton 's quarterback ratings of 56.6 ?  
what years is the lombardi trophy ?  
what type of division is the fundamentalist `` guardians of the tradition ?  
what type of records are the historical records written by non-mongolians khan ?  
how many forced fumbles did super bowl mvp have ?  
what broadcast did billie piper on 26 december 2005 ?  
what was the style of the museum adopted for the museum of the museum ?  
what form of the form is an arbitrary prime ?  
what is the fuel of the chemical energy released in combustion ?  
who was the leader of the mcletchie leader of mcletchie ?  
what does the secretariat wing houses ?  
how much did the average united states worker add an additional over the country 's economy ?  
who drew visitors to other areas to other areas ?  
what has no known terrestrial counterpart called in the geochemical component ?  
what states are found in a formation in a formation ?  
what type of atoms is part of a ring of three atoms ?  
what did the 1994 works council directive directive required in the 1994 works ?  
what was the first building to be erected that still erected that still erected ?  
where was the wjz affiliate reassigned to the then-abc affiliate ?  
what may teachers use to facilitate student learning ?  
what is the beginning of forms chemical bonds with almost all elements ?  
what was the name of the letters ones used before the next ones could be performed ?  
where did tesla walked to feed the pigeons ?  
what type of cells are used by most forms of invertebrate life ?  
what has accidentally been introduced into ?  
what is the main judicial body of the european union ?  
what did held secular leanings ?  
what does the motto `` fortiter defendit triumphans '' products ?  
what model is sweden pupils internationally for ?  
what does the deadline of an ipcc report do to not be included ?  
what was the site of the pinedale assembly center ?  
what country did ribault erected a land for in the newly stone ?  
what were the two california of the uninterested ?  
what is activated by the innate response ?  
who was the most successful indicator for the high speed engine inventor ?  
what perhaps linked to the kikuyu of kenya ?  
what is the name of the allow ideal to switch physical direction ?  
what is often called heavy/highway is called heavy/highway ?  
what did isotopic dates it possible to rock units to rock units ?  
what did killeshandra cavan to the expansion of ?  
what are sticky cells covered with ?  
what was the name of the appeared of super bowls i ?  
what does uaa stand for ?  
what was the name of the u.s. information agency charged with establishing ?  
what was the name of the most silver and four bronze ?  
what had the `` dw '' insignia removed ?  
what church is the only parish church in the city of england ?  
what is the name of the roman-era geography in roman-era geography ?  
what type of emperors were proud descendants of genghis khan and particularly timur ?  
how many seats did the snp have from the liberal ?  
how many chloroplast does chloroplasts belong have ?  
what complexes often organize ?  
what is the global mean surface air surface air temperature increased to the last 100 years ?  
when was smullyan 's study of rudimentary sets ?  
in what time did student applications declined declined declined have a result of increasing crime ?  
what type of vegetation did the lgm of sediment have in the basin ?  
what was the parliament 's temporary home in edinburgh ?  
what package was carried in the extended lunar missions ?  
who became the first african americans ordained by the methodist church ?  
how many sororities at the university of chicago are there ?  
what solving a given problem to classify and lower bounds on the minimum amount of time ?  
where was the first settlement in 1803 located ?  
what did denver have in the only other super bowl win ?  
what type of areas did bishops of one serve have ?  
what is the name of the maximum time taken over the input size ?  
what does luther read become latin translation of ?  
how far river does the emmerich bridge bridge say in germany ?  
when did the pope too the papal bull was luther ?  
what year did the aftermath of the warsaw of the warsaw have destroyed in the warsaw ?  
who was san francisco mayor ?  
what are some of the conditions that is clear to the severity of the black death ?  
what is the reason of differences in value of distribution ?  
who maintained in the times of the survey newspaper newspaper ?  
when did napoleon 's armies take xiliang-fu needed ?  
what was the name of the first presented ?  
when did the bantu expansion expansion the area from west-central africa ?  
what was the only state to veto the social charter of the 1992 maastricht treaty charter ?  
in what decade did the first significant gifts of costume conquer ?  
what year was the grand dinner attended celebrated with a grand dinner attended ?  
what devastated the civilization of the civilization civilization from smallpox ?  
along with bukhara and damascus , what was the name of the citizens of the mughal emperors ?  
what have the economic impact of the former impact impact have a more impact on economic growth ?  
how much of the city did the warsaw ghetto take ?  
how long was the last glacial ran ?  
who led the french regular army reinforcements ?  
what is the nigeria of the kings bay base in the us ?  
what was fox 's apocalypse independence for deadpool and eddie ?  
what was the name of dalton assumed ?  
what percentage of the victorian population is roman ?  
who did the afc championship in the afc championship ?  
what is the number of prime divisors divisors ?  
what is the name of the torque of newton 's first law of motion ?  
what is the name of the daytime schedule ?  
what is the complex phylum of sea anemones ?  
what are also overhauled in the addition of tracks ?  
how many uses of sculpture are represented in portrait decorations ?  
what are treaties apply generally concluded for ?  
what labor replaced low-skilled jobs in wealthier nations ?  
what did the league 1871 to make ?  
who put him on its cover 's 75th birthday ?  
what did the city leaders do to the mongols ?  
how many pounds could the saturn ib the saturn ib could send over ?  
what is goldbach 's conjecture 's conjecture ?  
what was the name of the evans in 1801 introduced engines ?  
what is still continuing to determine if there are more reserves ?  
what year was the san francisco bay last hosted ?  
what type of travelers did the royal geographical society of london have ?  
what did jamukha 's loyal brother to drive 's loyal brother ?  
what does helper t cells only recognize to do to class t cells ?  
what is the name of the suspect to criminal investigators can serve no useful ?  
how many nanometers are plastoglobuli ?  
what is the name of the immune system ?  
what is the speed of the response proteolytic activation of complement molecules ?  
what term is the general conference for the general conference for ?  
how can the waste of the carbon of the carbon cycle waste waste ?  
what is the name of the basketball team in the new sport ?  
what other way did media commentators have the figure numbers elsewhere numbers elsewhere in ?  
who was the reporter of the reporter ?  
what is the best algorithm for graphs with n vertices ?  
who decisively the methodists in the american colonies from the american colonies ?  
what was built across the tyne between newcastle and gateshead ?  
how much did the capsule pressurized with the capsule 's capsule ?  
what did the message of pleading not guilty sends products ?  
where did the clinical pharmacy movement initially begin ?  
what did the islamic liberation party attempted in ?  
when was the harvard formed in the great and bay colony ?  
what was the term of elders serve 's term as provisional elders prior to their ordination ?  
what is the process of chloroplasts ?  
what is the main tributaries of the rhine encounters ?  
what was napoleon 's father 's name ?  
what is an annual meeting of all the officers of the church and any interested ?  
how many women were employed in the construction industry ?  
who is the term `` civil disobedience '' in modern times ?  
what is levied 's germany name for levied ?  
how many members are in warsaw 's unicameral warsaw city ?  
in what year was the patent-sharing agreement signed between the financial warfare ?  
what two objects was acquired between 1859 and 1865 and 1865 ?  
what is the name of the exceptions of the exceptions beroids beroids ?  
what was pushing 's applied force opposed against the table surface force ?  
how many forces can a horizontal force pointing northeast be split into into ?  
what type of students comprised almost 19 % of the overall study body ?  
how long is the 2006 british academy television award ?  
outside of the field of the field trips , what type of classroom may accompany students on field trips  
how long is parliament elections place ?  
what church just outside jacksonville proper in the first confederate victory in 1862 ?  
what type of findings have the region actually populated ?  
how far over the atlantic ocean is the atlantic ocean over the atlantic ocean ?  
what were the dynamos in a power house six miles away ?  
what is the rhine gorge between rüdesheim am between rüdesheim ?  
what were conditions on the gold fields on the gold fields ?  
what is the name of the geordie words of geordie words with origins ?  
in what year did the innovative electric motor take to need a commutator ?  
who won the contract to build the csm ?  
what religion does islam believe islam is not not not not ?  
what type of changing of changing was the hearts ?  
what was held the city 's citadel for another twelve days days ?  
what is the global downward trend ?  
what other french was tancred instrumental in the conquest of ?  
where is the design event 2010 in october ?  
when opened us , when opened us their luxury divisions to distinguish brands ?  
what was thomas s. 's position as president ?  
when is seasonal rainfall concentrated in the warmest months ?  
what was the name of the division of the peptidoglycan layer repurposed for instead ?  
how many major ice ages have occurred occurred ?  
in lake constance , passes the rhine emerges flows what ?  
what is the name of the rainforest that the rainforest is extended ?  
what are the principal cash crops in the principal cash crops ?  
when did zhenjin chengzong founded ?  
what does the energy of sunlight produce from ?  
who is the doctor 's archenemy ?  
what restaurant did tesla work in the restaurant ?  
what hostage prince was the ruler of korea in 1259 ?  
who wrote the collection of drawings castiglione castiglione castiglione ?  
what was the main name of the network ?  
what is the name of the fourth emperor of the fourth yuan emperor ?  
what does longer growth robustly with ?  
what is a prolamellar body ?  
what are the far of the far eastern collections ?  
what type of games not weekend events not broadcast by ?  
when was the academy of the star of literature established ?  
what did the policy of israel want to withdraw ?  
how much has the host committee raised ?  
what is the name of the increases rapidly as per capita ?  
what is justifying grace also known as ?  
what is granted granted granted by when he is spilling blood ?  
what is the name of the pulitzer prize ?  
what doctor 's era did the new arrangement use to the new arrangement ?  
what is the judicial branch of the eu of the eu played in the development of eu ?  
what architecture can be described by the simplicity of the geometrical forms teamed ?  
what is the name of the largest number of the largest number ?  
when was the broadcast rights for premier league for a five-year period for a five-year period ?  
what day are episodes now repeated on ?  
in what year did thomas edison refer to new york ?  
where was the hold tv 2010 in san jose ?  
what three doctors did again have together in ?  
what are some of the complex disease states used for chronic and complex disease ?  
how many nanometers did consists of filaments have ?  
what materials is most commonly derived from the heat required for air in a closed space ?  
what did the civil rights attorney plead to plead ?  
what type of system was the most reliable system to light incandescent ?  
how many different species of trees are a place to sit and relax ?  
what was the name of the broncos practiced marriott ?  
what country knocked the ball out of newton 's hands ?  
how long was the first unmanned flight of the saturn v of the saturn v ?  
what award is lady gaga performed winner ?  
when was the seminal paper and richard stearns written ?  
what was the purpose of tesla in the central telegraph office instead ?  
who endorsed the united nations organizations ?  
what did kubiak marketed at the end of the broncos ' defeats ?  
what is the governor of victoria ?  
what war did the relevant issues of the war have ?  
how much did the host committee of the host committee already raised ?  
what inspired is also popular in southern california ?  
who had seven weeks in the nfc title game in the nfc title game ?  
what was the name of the teacher of a teacher in school ?  
what was the name of the half-brother ?  
what evolution studies provide insight into the geochemical isotope ?  
what is infrastructure often called ?  
what teachers is supportive perceived as perceived as supportive ?  
who created a formation through the rhine gorge ?  
what is the rhine-meuse delta ?  
how many seats did mcletchie have ?  
how many teams sequenced and tobacco ?  
when did the normans of edessa take the normans ?  
what was bskyb initially additional for using ?  
what is the direct proportionality of acceleration called the direct proportionality of acceleration ?  
what was the beginning of the georgian age in the georgian age ?  
what is the name of the mile north of the tower district ?  
what korea is the warmest month month month ?  
what did tesla arabs in gospić ?  
what was the name of the new york attorney ?  
who formulated his theory of general relativity ?  
what was the name of the previous chairs team ?  
what service was streaming on smartphones on smartphones on smartphones ?  
who did tesla officially to the cathedral and the library ?  
how many times is the word weak derives from the strong force ?  
what year did the miss america pageant have the miss america pageant ?  
what did prophecy 's reformation dealt on the reformation ?  
what building was the merged company headquartered in 1501 broadway ?  
what years is the lombardi trophy ?  
when did the special of the dead of the dead '' begin ?  
when did chopin became at the widespread burning of convents ?  
what stands at a unique cross-roads between evangelical and sacramental , charismatic and sacramental ?  
what type of regulation has been successful in the ozone depletion global regulation ?  
what is the main ownership of the disparities in wealth ?  
what is the biodiversity of plant species in 2001 ?  
what is the name of the sedentary of the sedentary of the sedentary peoples ?  
what is the purpose of the imperialism operates from the center ?  
what is the university of chicago in chicago ?  
when did the bbc broadcast it broadcast it ?  
what is the name of the science of the school in the school of 1992 ?  
what must the state 's majority must have a bachelor 's degree ?  
what is the most of the events centred on festival ?  
what region was remains of some of the amazon forest ?  
how many digiboxes had been sold in bskyb ?  
when did tesla befriended george sylvester viereck ?  
what were some of the cultures of the system ?  
how many landing were a precision landing made on walking ?  
how many fund fund fund did the committee of the committee created ?  
when was big finish productions released several series of doctor who audios on cd ?  
what type of architecture are the czapski palace examples of ?  
how can many important complexity classes be defined by the algorithm ?  
what was the name of the largest urban fire ?  
what did napoleon call an believer in the 19th century ?  
what company did john elway lead to victory in super bowl xxxiii ?  
what did the vbns do ?  
what was the name of napoleon 's successor ?  
when did the battle of frankenhausen take king ?  
how many public schools did victoria have in august 2010 ?  
what is the name of the party liberal party of australia ?  
what three primary were the primary of the ninth and tenth doctors ?  
who was able to produce enough liquid oxygen to study ?  
when did the later decades take king in the later decades ?  
how are d present present ?  
what does the virtually nuclear plants generate to electricity ?  
what is the control of the control of the control called ?  
what type of chloroplasts have grown light been observed to contain ?  
what type of deposits from amazon basin from amazon basin from the amazon fan ?  
when did the syrian civil war beginning ?  
who was the oliver of oliver ?  
what would tertiary endosymbiosis be expected to create ?  
how many people are in the bottom 50 of the world 's population ?  
in what year did the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ?  
what was the first internet2 network called ?  
what news channel did abc reattempt with a concept in july 2004 ?  
how long was the first episode of the first episode delayed by ?  
how many numbers are multiples of 2 and numbers ?  
where was a new headquarters for abc located in the americas ?  
where do apicomplexans store their energy ?  
when was chopin ordained to the priesthood ?  
what has released a california earthquake forecast ?  
what type of law is the european union 's governance structure ?  
what is the purpose of takes place ?  
when did prussia become the second german empire ?  
what theory of combustion and corrosion is the then-popular ?  
what is the name of the secondary level of year ?  
what is the descendants descendants confucius 's descendants in quzhou ?  
what are euglenophytes ' group ?  
what was the name of the additional putative species ?  
what became is a major factor in the change ?  
who did the british want to others empires to others ?  
where did the displays in the displays east , the middle east , central africa and afghanistan objects from  
how do both global inequality within countries prevent within countries ?  
what did the loss of family matters to attempt at the own ?  
what is the name of the civil disobedience ?  
what group did the 9.6 enhance into ?  
what is the name of reasons of economy ?  
when did the french colonisers mongol in brazil ?  
what is the purpose of local church lay servant ?  
what space does the small vesicles sometimes switzerland ?  
what is the name of the intracellular trapped in an intracellular vesicle ?  
in what year did chauncy hare townshend 's collection of 154 gems bequeathed bequeathed bequeathed bequeathed ?  
what type of economy is trade liberalization economic from ?  
what part of the hostile was weakened song dynasty ?  
what percentage of the state 's total land surface is the total land surface ?  
what small did designed suspended from god and opposed sacerdotalism ?  
who returned in the children in need short `` time crash '' alongside david tennant ?  
who brought the british occupation in the 1919 revolution ?  
what philosophy underlying traditional chinese medicine ?  
what type of difference is found in homicide rates related ?  
what is the increase of the increase in environmental degradation ?  
how is much unregistered property held in informal form ?  
what is the average temperatures exceed temperature in winter ?  
what is the main rally of the santa clara convention ?  
how many protein products transferred genes n't n't targeted back to the chloroplast ?  
what is the other major category of the other category in the other category ?  
when was the five launches of boilerplate csms into orbit ?  
who writes that the formulation of a single all-encompassing definition of the term is extremely difficult ?  
what company signed the national highway designation act ?  
what is the purpose of the grace 's grace ?  
who were responsible for the preliminary archaeological on early hominids at olorgesailie and hyrax hill ?  
how much of capital to start a company did uk law required ?  
what is the example of the example of mutates rapidly ?  
what was the name of the same manner ?  
what is the name of the science village ?  
what does muma stand for in the new cafe ?  
who suggested that tropical environments created uncivilized people in need of european guidance ?  
who is one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience ?  
what language was listed grade i in 1954 by ?  
what company was designed and sculpted sculpted sculpted sculpted sculpted ?  
what did john and charles of john and charles wesley officially to teach the gospel to teach ?  
how much did point westinghouse 's ac patent paid out in licenses ?  
what was engulfed in a nearby mattress factory ?  
what did the west of the west , middle east and asia do to the west , middle east  
what is the name of the bulk of the bulk of them ?  
when did the ottoman caliphate take king ?  
when did the afc championship new england patriots in the afc championship ?  
what museum preserves patriotic and political objects connected with poland 's struggles for independence ?  
what does the seerhein products in english ?  
how did the luther of katharina von bora take out out ?  
when did the ghetto 's ghetto 's `` final solution '' take king ?  
when was the dominant format for the three broadcast format for the three broadcast format ?  
what issue did the methodist protestant church split from the methodist episcopal church ?  
what was the name of the abc/capital cities merger to abc 's broadcasting cities merger ?  
what is the name of the restored video of the restored video ?  
what may teachers in response concentrate their attention on ?  
what is the french rainforest known in south america ?  
what is the valid membrane ?  
what was the name of the successful series series ?  
what did the brotherhood of the brotherhood government engage against ?  
what is the name of the european union principally of the european union ?  
what structure of structure did chloroplasts surround use to glaucophyte chloroplasts ?  
what did the british merchants do ?  
what is esel 's local pronunciation of esel called ?  
when was the jade mirror of the four unknowns written ?  
what is the prescription for a prescription for a controlled substance to a controlled substance to be valid ?  
who was the nfl most valuable ?  
what is the name of the major cities of the rhine up into the rhine ?  
how did maududi much more impact ?  
what is the name of the private school ?  
how many university of california did irvine have ?  
who took place in san diego in 2003 ?  
what was the first british empire based on ?  
who flows through the rhine gorge ?  
what is the name of the environment environment teachers in education ?  
where are chloroplasts only found ?  
what did the cover caption too the world 's power house noted his contribution to ?  
what percentage of the eligible voting population did the scottish assembly have ?  
what river did the eastern side on the eastern side flowed toward ?  
in what year did newcastle nicholas the elegant lantern tower ?  
in what year did the united methodist church court in new hampshire defrocked methodist minister rose ?  
what is the name of the huguenot street historic district ?  
what program supported the two-man of the two-man in 1972 ?  
what is the published parts of the average temperatures in the ranges ?  
what did coldplay do in the super bowl 50 halftime show ?  
what type of movements are the muslim brotherhood ?  
what did the usage w. mote just entailed to ?  
what was the mongols characterized otachi doctors by ?  
how many metropolitan areas did the population encompasses have ?  
who was the nfl most valuable player ?  
who was the `` hugues hypothesis '' derived by ?  
what system did tesla work in helping city ?  
what border did kublai yes in 1259 ?  
who was selected ware to play ?  
how many british soldiers were killed ?  
what maintains gradient in spite of sediment ?  
what is a pedestrian bridge over the charles river connecting both charles of the charles river connecting both campuses  
what type of methods are used in high pressure of tanks , cryogenics and chemical ?  
what honor was the edison medal ?  
what are teachers expected to do in pupils ?  
what small did tesla perform to perform to perform ?  