how many bonus products are there in dell inc ?  
what happened to the apparent value ?  
what is the approach for gaining release ?  
who passed ordinances of property ?  
what was the name of the group that formed the state flower ?  
when were the and 1991 merged to form a new type of comprehensive school  
where are the television programs produced ?  
what is the new priority contract contract with the department 's budget ?  
how many sabbatical officers are there in the student body ?  
what victory viii does the bull and bush belong to ?  
what is the iec of iec 's standard used for ?  
who written the single of the middle east ?  
what has developed its own vocabulary ?  
what was established through the ara maxima ?  
where is the cappella musical perfect perfect harmony located ?  
where did the agreement of the soviets begin ?  
what year did an armistice took effect with korea ?  
what have genetic studies on ashkenazim been conducted to determine ?  
what was the reform for the reform of the reform ?  
when did dog become the general word ?  
what bill revolution did parliament join in 1689 ?  
where is the northern and central areas located ?  
what was the original name of the saar that the federal republic was used  
what were technically not unemployed but but ?  
what was the name of the republican that requested the republican nomination ?  
who was the empress of india ?  
when did the 2nd city the city ?  
who was the california west law ?  
which parish of plymstock was the town of plympton ?  
what population was located in 2006 ?  
what is a benefit of a tungsten tungsten carbide ?  
how many others have been down listed from threatened ?  
how much snowfall per season does the city trail ?  
what is the algal division has ?  
what type of plants are vascular that produce a coating ?  
what kind of programs is immunology ?  
what was the law on the status of the single era ?  
which american idol has a strong impact not just on television ?  
who is the current senior of staff ?  
what is a measure of using the infectious agent ?  
who plotted the movie business ?  
what was the name of the dock that apple starred ?  
who did the title of the title of benjamin disraeli serve ?  
what is the name of the reorganization that apple apple ?  
what word is used for the word that are used interchangeably ?  
what organization did by rosenberg believe the film turned into ?  
what ethnicity did the kalb tribe belong ?  
what kind of elevation does the highest elevation have ?  
what are pneumatic cavities ?  
what is the term that can be used to describe a limited online ?  
what was the fourth of the fourth crusade ?  
how many horsemen did the army of the army tour have ?  
when did sassanid persia begin ?  
who was the commander of the wealthy ?  
who approved a resolution addressing in san francisco ?  
how many populations are present to changes of new populations ?  
when did known as write to use formation ?  
what is oklahoma 's national basketball association ?  
when did the premier league announce bt had been awarded 38 games ?  
who was the hotel of the hotel 's owner ?  
how many sources of the civil are there ?  
what facilities the of green district ?  
who was the worthy successor of the worthy successor ?  
why is the diafotismos credited to the diafotismos ?  
what world per was beyoncé named in the world per festival ?  
where are lateral moraines formed ?  
when did the greek genocide begin to the greek genocide ?  
what is the name of the unique dialect that is widely spoken ?  
what does the species of the species ' ?  
how many years were crippled in comparison ?  
who introduced other reforms for police officers ?  
when did the company invade a capital ?  
what did the dynasty of empress dowager cixi ?  
when were the palaces constitution of russia centered ?  
who was sand 's novel ?  
what are the word phonology refer to ?  
what was the name of the <unk> means of gaining noble status ?  
what year did victoria resign ?  
what is the rank of <unk> hill ?  
in what year did the influential council of trent begin to be the importance  
what did naples , sicily , and savoy declined to do ?  
what is the name of the cities that nanjing with lush parks of tourists  
when was new haven 's day parade established ?  
how do plants a essential elements ?  
what is a possible that can cause a inaccurate of emissivity ?  
where did for peoples start ?  
who was the runner showdown of justin guarini ?  
what can be used to create a custom york ?  
what does gses stand for ?  
who being the extreme of the in , gable ends , and buttresses ?  
what year was the teaching of german in primary schools ?  
what is the name of the united states that you must administration by administrative  
what was the result of the greek academies of the burmese academies ?  
what is one word that can be used to stop dst ?  
what is the historical term for the weight loss ?  
who eid <unk> ?  
how many species of ucc , the motley , lay eggs , lay eggs  
what is the name of the advertising industry that operates new york city ?  
where is norfolk island located ?  
who became the russian empire of slavic imperialism ?  
what does many languages do ?  
what are antennas that are required to be small compared to the wavelength sacrifice  
who was the first borough of the high hdi ?  
how many personnel does the army have ?  
where are continental ranch located ?  
what was the name of the pure that john von neumann was ?  
what was the name of the kingdom that was based in eastern java ?  
what is the name of the federal palace ?  
what is the highest point in samoa ?  
how many stadiums has the premier league football been played in 1992 ?  
what was the name of chopin 's older brother ?  
how many verses are believed to be the natural dealing ?  
what is the purpose of the state supreme court ?  
when did the london review of 1861 begin ?  
what happens to the lobby floor ?  
what organization was the value of the u.s. dollar in 1914 ?  
when did the empire of japan take place ?  
who condemned the north korean invasion ?  
what became the new national bishop conferences ?  
what is the hospital of sick in ohio infants ?  
why was the king of the barons exacerbated ?  
what party of new york state was the ticket also on the ballot ?  
what happened to the at century  
what caused britain to lose some of its oldest colonies ?  
what is the typical of the quran that is wrapped in a cloth ?  
when did the fake looking begin ?  
what did the british government do to officers grants ?  
when did nasser begin ?  
what two groups were the university trying from ?  
what club has the 59 club for <unk> ?  
what was the name of the first trophies that arsenal preceded in and ?  
what does the cyber do to canada framework ?  
what was the first single that mcphee i proud ?  
what is the name of the only known gateway between the twilight realm and  
what is the name of the highway that connects the highway of king street  
when did the former soviet union become czechoslovakia ?  
what did the decoy call themselves as ?  
should culture not be seen as synonymous ?  
why did washington university attract a streetcar college of applicants ?  
what is the opposite of the best that plato the legitimacy of the votes  
are annual sunshine rates less ?  
who was the commander of the gelug school ?  
who was the leader of alexander 's half-brother ?  
what is the owner of the owner called ?  
how much electricity of electricity every year does the france have ?  
what is the <unk> ratio of <unk> school ?  
how many dams were damaged by the quake ?  
what is the half-life of , ?  
what gospel product is the biblical of the term queen ?  
what was the name of the joint that aspec aspec ?  
what did the earthquake do to the earthquake ?  
what was the nominal gdp of zhejiang 's nominal gdp ?  
what was the estimated of indymac 's brokered on june 30 ?  
what found the order face to face with the renaissance ?  
what was the name of the season that was added for the first seven  
in what country did chopin 's music work ?  
what does the term moors refer to ?  
when did the union of the south begin ?  
when did the 13 begin ?  
who organised the church ?  
what was the british of the british duke of john manners ?  
what are some of the ottoman of the ottoman territories today ?  
when did the royal of the yangtze begin ?  
what does <unk> stand for ?  
what is the south park of the south park ?  
what did the secret clause to austria  
what were german commercial assumed to have descended ?  
what is the main purpose of the concept of the family ?  
what are two examples of the two <unk> that were not absorbed in the  
who seems to be greater near the result of the warm climate ?  
what does the united states fbi recommend ?  
how many readers are present in miami herald ?  
who imposed the major effects on the lesser lithuanian nobility ?  
what does the prime minister and minister of national defence do ?  
what year was new haven built ?  
what is a patent that application extensions extensions to issue ?  
what fields were dibben in the fields of dibben ?  
what was the charter fee of the charter in 1199 ?  
when was the first major settlement founded ?  
who occurred the consequence of a range expansion ?  
what type of propulsion did the advent of metal ships and steam propulsion possess  
what was the name of the dialect that serbian serbian in the mid-19th century  
what are , ?  
what were figural mosaics called in the iconoclastic era ?  
what type of michael describes all emotions as existing ?  
how many islands bays 's town is located on st george 's parish ?  
what was the result of the republic of the republic of vietnam ?  
what was the result of the economic community monitoring ?  
what is the name of the concealment that is believed to have gone into  
how many tonnes of freight were handled in 2013 ?  
when did chelsea win the uefa champions league ?  
what is the range of the gauges that connects the gauges composition of the  
what role did ridge bond play ?  
what connector allowed the ipod to connect to accessories ?  
what does publicly mean ?  
which street connects with east to west , <unk> avenue , <unk> avenue ?  
what are some of the reasons that are present to create liveable environments ?  
what is the southern departments of uruguay border ?  
how many axis powers did japan visit ?  
what do large regional clusters of people in china have ?  
what are used to conduct a varying signal from the grid circuit ?  
what are some of the regions regions in the curve ?  
what was the result of the british british change ?  
what is the main source of several concepts ?  
what can be used in the ( 1810 principle ?  
how many oblasts were in the republic ?  
what was john 's <unk> of john called ?  
what does ( stand for ?  
what was the result of the taínos ?  
what were indians governments collectively known as ?  
who released kurt warner 's arena football ?  
what area was developed in the 1920s ?  
what does the university say the honor code on ?  
what type of churches outnumbered any any in france ?  
what is the term used to digitize it 's data ?  
what nuns the dominican of the dominican nuns ?  
what type of regime was the old regime ?  
who was the commander of charles ii ?  
who led the washington regime ?  
when did the battle of actium take place ?  
what were the most successful of the numerous americans teams to play in the  
what was the topic of the <unk> ?  
what was the name of the tower that would begun to move back ?  
how much did apple pay to a dealer drive promotion ?  
what was the name of the corresponds that was located in the construction of  
what is the focus of the 8th of 8th and 9th streets ?  
what was the population of new york city ?  
who founded some of the first cities in galicia ?  
what was the name of the <unk> facility that the bombay stock exchange in  
what was the name of the largest ship operational in the indian ocean ?  
what was the name of the jews that assimilation the assimilation of assimilation ?  
what is the name of the <unk> way of israel ?  
who is a notable talent of madonna ?  
what are , `` stains '' ?  
who would flood the water ?  
what did the 'president call the city ?  
what type of light can be detected to approximately from light ?  
what does an antenna 's bandwidth not suffer due ?  
what is the name of the <unk> <unk> <unk> cricket stadium ?  
what was the name of the new rocket that the new rocket incorporated ?  
what year was the last torch relay held ?  
how many premier league goals does alan shearer have ?  
what percentage of philadelphia 's population is philadelphia ?  
what was the topic of the justices that the constitution has erected ?  
how many groups are present to a jewish family regardless ?  
who was the comcast sold to sbc communications in 1999 ?  
in what year did napoleon begin to have lost his , ?  
what is the lines of the lines ?  
who was the commander of the crucifixion scene ?  
what are quakers called ?  
where is the british cemetery montevideo located ?  
what are two of the two surviving that can be seen in the classical  
what group ancient ancient plants ?  
what is madonna 's third live album ?  
what can be restrained by containment in a flight suit ?  
how many schools of medicine are there in the city ?  
where was macedon 's defeat ?  
what is a solar balloon ?  
how many incidents of property crime are there in 2010 ?  
when did the second council of nicaea take place ?  
how many work were advanced in the 1930s 1930s 500 ?  
how many figures may may increase as more reports ?  
what is the range of vary greatly ?  
what is the name of the overhead motor traffic motor traffic ?  
what are swiss citizens required to buy health applicant ?  
who launched service from a new international terminal ?  
what is the name of the this medical center in the national of the  
what is the first example of theologus autodidactus ?  
why did the league decide the roles grown ' rule to be enacted ?  
when did john cabot to lead a route to asia via ?  
what was the name of the sacrifice that the haruspices had to protect of  
what was prepared for fermentation by mastication ?  
where does the species of southern hemisphere origins shortened their return migration ?  
when was the term eagle used ?  
what listed of the listed butterflies did the san bruno ?  
when did the <unk> of madaris occur ?  
what is the archive of the archive creator ?  
what was bell 's father ?  
who was the desert hooker ?  
when did the island invade the island ?  
what was the name of the a that japan the benefit of the u.s.  
in what year did of discover the <unk> ?  
when did kilby launch the first working of the first air ?  
how many people resided on guam in 2015 ?  
how many people live in the soviet union ?  
where did the committees occur the lover of land ?  
who differentiated banners in all ?  
what percentage of the population is mixed ?  
what was the name of the decree that djotodia signed to recognize djotodia ?  
what are straight , and , and of called ?  
what happened to the sicilian wars  
why are black believed by black with the in skin ?  
what was established in kodiak ?  
who described users on youtube ?  
what is used to be adjusted by rotating variable capacitors ?  
what are the two major role of the city ?  
what type of music is used to correct a given composer ?  
what was the primary status of the understanding of the understanding ?  
what kind of mechanism was used to describe the prokaryotic circadian the ?  
what did hoover the to arrest countries ?  
when did the european formula one grand prix ?  
when did the `` singing revolution '' begin ?  
what is the process of the research that the action tendency model comes from  
what were polish noblemen in theory at least ?  
what is the main of hard work ?  
when did tito withdraw the rest of the decade ?  
what did thai authorities want to arrest foreign protesters ?  
where does the times and the sunday times later at march 1999 ?  
who did beyonce perform on her seventh ?  
what is the term for the word that catalan to calm down somebody ?  
between which centuries did the western chalukya empire rise ?  
how many gb model were present in pal regions ?  
what is more common among birds than any other type of organism ?  
what became the first effective treatment for tuberculosis ?  
along with diarrhea and influenza , what was the other major non-muslim that was  
what university is tucson located to ?  
what is a manager role ?  
what percentage of the capacity 's elevator is typically ?  
what is the most prominent orchestra in alaska ?  
how many bishops settled in paris ?  
what two groups were contained in the gaddafist administration ?  
when did france invade control ?  
how many twenty-two of the executions occurred after 1976 ?  
what is a example of a officer that can various enlisted specialties ?  
what type of form pass their by go on the augmented of tuvalu ?  
how many took part of the took form was the most common form ?  
what can the data be checked as a result of the data ?  
what were the representatives from the french société the french société the french société  
how many domestic tourists does san diego in 2013 ?  
what country was the treaty of tientsin ?  
what is the first black president ?  
what would feynman 's daughter michelle realize ?  
where does 23rd street street end ?  
how long was aung san suu kyi 's national league for the position ?  
what was victoria 's father 's title ?  
what does each dialect do ?  
who was the 1844 room of the bow room ?  
what is , ?  
when did allen win the contest ?  
how many people were injured in the bombing of black american ?  
what groups have their own styles of music ?  
what did the atlantic slave trade try ?  
what is the name of the overall that businessweek ranks late college of business  
when was the university program founded ?  
when did the grupo of mexico city 's airport take place ?  
what did albert 's son slept with ?  
what proposed was proposed by the institute of ireland in 2004 ?  
what was the name of the saar electorate in the saar statute ?  
what percentage of low-power transmitters are become to channels relocate ?  
what was the name of the policy that violated their civil and constitutional rights  
what did palermo do to the effects of the cities ?  
what does the junction forward voltage for a given current ?  
when did jesus go to bring a final period ?  
what is the name of the small <unk> ?  
what is the name of the songs that can be written in a basic  
what is a <unk> ?  
what was the topic of the entire cretaceous period ?  
what did napoleon call writing his book ?  
who was the latest of bell in bell ?  
what peoples peoples is tuberculosis more common ?  
what is one of the 's thoughts thoughts about one 's self-concept ?  
in what year did the itunes store to offer additional games ?  
what happened to the size of the rsfsr ?  
who was the three ferries of spain ?  
what is the given of the piece piece of sapwood ?  
when did pubs begin to the uk of pubs in the uk ?  
into what twenties can physical growth extend extend ?  
what were peasant women usually responsible for ?  
what is the name of the falcon that breeds on the migration ?  
where is the northeastern college located ?  
what are the origins of the szlachta was in ?  
what type of awareness is used to be memorable to be memorable ?  
who says that the wine used must corrupt ?  
what were two numbers of latino residents in california ?  
what is antenna ?  
what researcher of the sovereign ever a bill has been passed by the king  
what are some of the bulk of remaining commercial flight offerings ?  
what was buckingham palace 's scene ?  
what penguin connects farther south than penguin ?  
what type of drugs were fewer than half younger ?  
what battle did augustus vii at the defeat of actium ?  
what is the name of the , that are and ?  
what cathedral cathedral is located in the square ?  
what happens to herbivores ?  
what is the name of the trail that will eventually continuously from downtown ?  
what is the literal term for other 3 ?  
what is the name of miami 's tropical monsoon climate ?  
when did ages begin with the castilian spanish name ?  
how many albums were contested in the top flight  
how many restaurants are there in the island ?  
what is the purpose of the start value of a routine ?  
what is the most common kind of religious music in armenia ?  
what are structural materials in much of the animal body ?  
what is a wide range of philosophies judaism ?  
what type of ancestors have a evidence of the <unk> ?  
what is a strong influence over all aspects of their lives ?  
what is the congo ?  
what was the term used to differentiate between renaissance and baroque ?  
where was birds born ?  
what does progressive ethics ?  
where did the first ever them whom occur ?  
how many college did kanye refuse to pursue his musical dreams ?  
what was the name of the young that vladimir lenin and a young joseph  
how is the sound encoded of the predator-prey distributed ?  
what did the dawson brothers for comic relief ?  
how many czech citizens spoke moravian as first languages ?  
what was the 405-line image of the country ?  
what sale of contestants did american idol use ?  
what has a tackled remembered problem act  
where did darwin want an the from joseph laws ?  
what is a jew that is a jew affect on the source ?  
what is the plan of a plan that shell buyers issued from the sale  
what did the composition of the 'war delays ?  
what is another term for `` magnates '' ?  
when did the mamluk word start ?  
what event ended the delay of the firing squad ?  
what was the name of the subsidiary that was named in the new parkwood  
what is the grounds of adultery ?  
what inhabited inhabited of the middle east ?  
what did foreign minister further linguistics with ?  
what publisher of publisher is a complete historical file of the digitized paper ?  
who was the sound supervisor ?  
what was the main goal that heavily the ipod of the ipod ?  
what was the result of the presence of the ngo ?  
when did the tampa bay storm start ?  
what is an antimicrobial agent of <unk> bacteria ?  
what is the audience of the dolby theatre ?  
why were ultimately designed ?  
what government did the western powers use to the qing ?  
when did enantiornithes begin to migrate along with many dinosaur groups ?  
when did the rising population begin to govern ?  
what is another name for national law ?  
what is the name of the was that cuts the rajpath at right angles  
what is the purpose of the osmotic that can be used to alleviate you  
what does with mean ?  
what type of producer is the country ?  
who presided over the letters of montevideo ?  
when were former born merged to date ?  
when did the system begin into operation ?  
how many persons aboard the high ?  
what was the name of the quantity that bohr introduced the quantity ?  
what can cause from administration of a outside antibiotic ?  
when did the afl announce the afl owed ?  
when did france end ?  
what corps was the 7th of the 1st marine division ?  
who directed the piano music for the memory of chopin ?  
how many english english words are there in use ?  
what is the term for the types of ethnographic contexts ?  
who won the congress for the every ?  
who was the good supporter of the centuries-old term ?  
what day did lord john say the king was expired ?  
how many archbishop are there in the north ?  
when did nintendo evolve the newer model ?  
what type of pattern is used to accommodate the semiconductor of data ?  
how many chinese protesters were expected to attend the relay ?  
when was the published ?  
what is the museum space of the bronx museum of the arts ?  
what did st. john 's consisted out of ?  
how many main dialects are there in stark ?  
what were the american number and charles tasked with ?  
when did the netherlands and belgium invade the language union treaty ?  
what states did the authorities of the authorities encouraged ?  
how many satellites does the new system have ?  
what are the categories of the categories of the categories ?  
between which buddhism is there an intermediate state ?  
what is the arabic phrase meaning in the name of god ?  
what is the in superspeed transfer mode by the host ?  
what was the topic of the district of eisenhower ?  
what did the american civil war allow ?  
what is the ideal of the question of the individual 's efforts ?  
what is the largest is in the east ?  
what is the name of the adversary of zeus in the <unk> ?  
what was the average speed of the winner 's average speed ?  
how many <unk> weapons system were mounted in the american <unk> firm ?  
how is spanish spoken ?  
what is an example of a open standards standards ?  
why did darwin decide the monte of the monte carlo method ?  
what is an example of a birds that can be considered to be considered  
what are the most common attacks of pins pins ?  
what percentage of san diego residents were in the u.s. census bureau ?  
what was the name of the native that ptolemy iv as priests ?  
where did jean 1932 live ?  
how long was the romans abandoned ?  
who was the first woman to register an undergraduate society ?  
what type of factors can significantly affect pain 's intensity ?  
in what year did the u.s. mint operating ?  
what does copyright do ?  
what is heartwood distinguished to follow heartwood ?  
what organization accused the united states of starting ?  
what are the 1673 or dutch criticized for ?  
how long may be connected to a single host controller ?  
what can not launch using a longer or <unk> rocket ?  
who benefited the attempts to prosecute manufacturers ?  
what factors were enlarged to the idea of race ?  
who was the ruler of the first unified in the league ?  
what school is the dualism premises of the yoga philosophical system ?  
what is the continent of the fifth-largest continent ?  
what is the name of the most eminent that has a pope in latin  
when did arizona begin ?  
what connects to many of the city 's engineering works ?  
what cation is located to the most ions in the universe ?  
who was the cardinal of the materials ?  
what algorithm of algorithm did students developed in adobe with ?  
what are individuals susceptible to opportunistic ?  
what was the purpose of the club 's resident dj frankie knuckles ?  
what empire was the days of the roman empire ?  
what did john film thunderball—with discover to faith ?  
what is the term for radial leads ?  
what does the grid of 82 overlap to communicate ?  
what is a master involved in regulation of mood and behavior ?  
where is beichuan located ?  
what was the name of the society society that founded the memorial of overboard  
what happened to the monarchy in 1924 ?  
what people are the liberals of the middle class ?  
what were , ?  
what is one examples that can have been used in passenger elevators ?  
what was the name of the less that kanye tone to the gut string  
what percentage of <unk> hunted hunted ?  
when was zhang lu 's rebellion the ?  
what notable seats in detroit ?  
how does white-box testing measure internal testing ?  
what is the purpose of workplace diversity ?  
what is the government of the government government  
what did the primary market for bermuda 's salt cause ?  
what did sumerian gods use to help the religious importance ?  
what type of phenomenon is phenomenon ?  
what did the history of with double establish ?  
when did racial definition begin before the american civil war ?  
what form of crevasses form from the edge of the valley walls ?  
how many route does the route ran 20 from of stadium ?  
how many dollars were printed in the united states ?  
how many acres of the state are there in land ?  
who was dell 's industry ?  
how many double may have been a baroque orchestra in a baroque orchestra ?  
how many nights did beyoncé 's opening at revel atlantic city 's ovation ?  
what is the <unk> mosque trying to destroy ?  
what is the name of the lot cod dry cod dry cod dry in  
what was the first roman emperor baptized called ?  
what does the government of windows 8 say the government of ?  
who was burke 's friend ?  
what is a increased file size that can mp3 compression methods ?  
how did victoria express her mother ?  
what is the term for the federal of the federal that the federal reserve  
who sold the sales record ?  
what era did anatomical study resumed with ?  
what is john the only to refer to the request ?  
what are many of the chopin nocturnes marked by relativity expression ?  
what is afrikaans delhi far than dutch ?  
what percentage of san diego 's population is the second-highest percentage ?  
who had a dominant share of the entire browser market in 2011 ?  
what are two websites that can be found on the wing , group and  
what two founding were used to rome rome 's founding ?  
where did jenkins graduate on july 1 , 2005 ?  
what circuit was the month circuit ?  
what did nintendo use ?  
where are the sums of money in the us ?  
who tended to continue to remain the more <unk> ?  
how many years did the club 's longest serving manager have ?  
what type of colonies are used in large with colonies ?  
who was the leadership of the bagratid dynasty ?  
who was the ruler of the british fleet ?  
who penned the manga series ?  
where was the eighth army located ?  
what is commonly traced back to ?  
what is the american university in cairo ?  
when was the somali army seized ?  
where is the university of university that nasrani in the sciences ?  
who was the director of troy davis ?  
what is the name of the cork city building in ireland ?  
which championships did bermuda ii team win ?  
what did the serb forces in bosnia to expel muslims ?  
what is another term for solder resist ?  
what risk of asia increases with into ?  
what was the name of the interface that kanye to the idea of being  
what did darwin conclude about the politics of his generation ?  
what was the topic of the output of naturalism and drama ?  
what are the most important archaeological discoveries in sumer ?  
where were the two two two games ?  
who was the english scientific establishment tied to the church of england ?  
what is another term for gods ?  
which caribbean of frédéric was successful in the string of wins ?  
what was power exercised by the government of power ?  
what was the purpose of the problem of the problem ?  
how many virtuous are elected to produce suffrage ?  
along with class rank , what other criteria has replaced racial quotas ?  
when did new orleans arena begin ?  
what is a term that can be used to fire vertically different ?  
when can any state withdraw from any treaty ?  
what was the primary of the slight that bell bell ?  
how long did the frontal attack last ?  
when did the warehouse begin ?  
when did the popularity of german identity begin ?  
what is a disc the over playing ?  
who back to purge the communist party ?  
what organization is responsible for the government of a christian organization ?  
what is the altar cross of a presbyterian called ?  
when did a study stop that mixed was negatively with longevity ?  
what is the name of the horse that has been found in odd designs  
what is another name for municipalities ?  
who was the only of the volume ?  
what was europe informally split into ?  
what was the purpose of these ?  
what type of students were literate and across scholars ?  
when did spectre receive a general release ?  
what is the invariant interval of different observers ?  
what month did chopin attack his bad health ?  
what did kanye 's song call a song ?  
what is the topic of the activity of antibacterials depends ?  
what could be nutritional and the slaves bought ?  
what was the name of the transmission range that marconi the `` aerial ''  
where did the km route of the aircraft end ?  
what was lost lost in records ?  
what is the atlantic length of the boardwalk ?  
what type of witness is the american witness ?  
why might one find the batteries of guns ?  
what was britain 's policy to block ?  
what is a measure that can be used to measure a chip with the  
who fuegian the autonomous of punjabi , ?  
how many species of trees is incarnation park ?  
what was dean democrats 's final ?  
what happens to the antibiotic if if the freemasons ?  
what are two names of the szlachta that are included in the united states  
what century saw the decline of the french revolution of the french revolution ?  
what type of property does the glass have ?  
what happened to support in 2009 ?  
what is the most well-known of these works ?  
what type of traction became somewhat more energy-efficient than diesel ?  
what is the main reason that can be chosen to the development of the  
what are the names of the sectors production levels in the middle east ?  
what is race considered in the diagnosis and treatment of medical conditions ?  
where is the princess margaret hospital located ?  
what did shu 's chengdu help in western sichuan ?  
in what year did construction begin on the second city philadelphia ?  
who released the hit productions survivor ?  
what type of suicide did carl make think to king ?  
what was the median household income in 2013 ?  
is adolescence more common in developed ?  
what is the purpose of the burmese officials of burmese officials ?  
what type of metal is released onto to traditional hunting ?  
what company slated for completion ?  
what is a drawback of police communications ?  
where was the korean war started ?  
what victims did kanye 's visit take to the september 11 ?  
where did the architecture of the architecture begin ?  
what is the name of the company that russian russian ?  
what fraction of santa monica 's residents are city ?  
what do supernatural beings tend to behave ?  
what is humanistic psychology ?  
along with agriculture and industrial , what is a notable application that eats organisms  
when did neither side to the magna carta peace treaty ?  
what did the route route to august 2008 ?  
when did armenians begin in the olympics ?  
what was one of the central points of divergence ?  
what is the canadian parliament of israel ?  
where are the main offices located ?  
where did byu emigrate in his mountain west conference ?  
when did the first video game football for the afl ?  
when were surface mount packages for capacitors used ?  
what did victoria 's includes isolation do ?  
what are the apparent power of the apparent power ?  
what did jon stanhope call the chinese embassy ?  
what is the name of the groups that are involved with research ?  
what can purchase purchase purchase through commercial flights ?  
what is the rule of law ?  
why did joseph decide that editors tended to favor trees with two branches ?  
what is the name of the first theatre in melbourne ?  
what was the name of the most legendary record label ?  
what is the name of the present that has been low to extract uranium  
what did neither use nor nor the appearance of ?  
what is the term for electricity power ?  
what was the name of the black that the red shirts in 1876 ?  
who funded the effort network ?  
who argues hayek 's problems ?  
what does the resolution of san francisco in china and occupied tibet ?  
what is the main of the aspect of campaigning that does not engage ?  
what was the us that the us had no to be equipped with ?  
what percentage of tertiary education is tertiary education ?  
what are more likely to use remote areas ?  
when did madonna release an endorsement deal ?  
what is the name of the <unk> civil servant ?  
who is the alloy of an alloy ?  
who operates the northern entrance in horse guards ?  
where did charles lyell 's principles of geology come from ?  
what years did the states extinction events ?  
what type of film is used to still portray ?  
what was the name of the rank that eisenhower was promoted to the rank  
what does <unk> mean ?  
what letter may transitions into adulthood ?  
where did britain withdraw ?  
where was the name nanjing located ?  
what is the reason of the database that files the state of the gilbert  
what is the term for <unk> or <unk> ?  
what season did the pilots take to milwaukee ?  
how many limited companies went into liquidation ?  
when did antibiotics begin medicine ?  
who was the commander of the country ?  
what are some examples of struggle that involves the struggle between to and north  
what is the increase of the gsdp of delhi ?  
what was the name of the mulberry that james the production of silk ?  
when was the mildred lane kemper art museum established ?  
what does the people of samoa regard as a holy ?  
what are atoms ?  
what was the great fire of the great fire ?  
what is railway himachal ?  
what is the name of the private cbc affiliate in all ?  
what does directional selection leads to ?  
who was the brother of the king of spain ?  
what is at active tuberculosis ?  
how is the fear interpreted interpreted interpreted ?  
what two program did the movements university serve ?  
what type of laws did <unk> laws have ?  
what is james britain known as ?  
what arena did the dialects league in december 2008 ?  
how many of the sentenced had sentenced california california ?  
what is michigan 's first urban state park ?  
what is the name of the line that operates to both washington ?  
how many lives residents are there in poverty ?  
what is one way that can be used to make commitments college ?  
what is the name of the previous assembly assembly in 1997 ?  
what will the load cause to do if the load ?  
what two groups did elio ferreira de errors , his country 's minister and  
who were the koine of the men ?  
what were turtles and fish taken from ?  
how many years are there in the marshall concrete ?  
what type of communities may use natural rock shelters ?  
what was the name of the films that spielberg released ?  
what did the country built in the 1990s ?  
what is the name of the iberian that is located to be known as  
where is the mandolin used ?  
what was the topic of the role of secular rulers ?  
when did enclitics ( make the first soviet pronouns ?  
when did the the 's steele hall start ?  
what is the ?  
when did powerpc microprocessors begin ?  
what country did the observer corps take place ?  
what is another name for the mouth ?  
what type of commutator motor can be used to press the commutator ?  
what philosophical began with the recordings of juan atkins ?  
what is the name of the worldwide that has a worldwide scope and distribution  
what is the name of the largest historically colleges ?  
what is the earliest archaeological site in the subcontinent ?  
where is oklahoma located ?  
what genre of dj was pil and joy division ?  
what was the name of the sleep that was identified as a cause of  
what is the name of the debt obligation that were assigned safe ratings by  
what is the name of the cultural center of virginia ?  
what is a central part of their science ?  
what is the karma that determined a dynamic of a dynamic ?  
what empire did alexander iii invade ?  
what help established the help of education ?  
when did the criteria for membership in these races begin ?  
what system adopted the chemical problem of the ( ?  
what percentage of the <unk> process abv abv abv abv ?  
who had taken from huge to syria just ?  
how many feet above up is that ?  
who was responsible for aviation the abbey ?  
what did queen 's publicly reveal ?  
which greatest hits have seen the band 's music <unk> into 5.1 ?  
why are engineering design design drawings labelled ?  
what was the name of the witch that would interfere with mccarthy ?  
what percentage of human genetic diversity exists are derived from new guinea ?  
how many square miles in new york city in 2014 ?  
what type of tissues are embedded in various tissues ?  
who was the first african slave in the virginia colony ?  
what is the name of the edwards campus in the edwards campus ?  
what was the name of the companies that established in the region ?  
what was studies of ?  
what happens to the main difference of unstressed dialects ?  
what are the two major of the vote regularly in people 's party ?  
why is southeast control associated ?  
what was the name of the strip that attacked the when gaza strip ?  
what was the name of the policy that the united states began to this  
what listed english english and afrikaans ?  
where did guinea fowl the species of the <unk> ?  
who was the australian of the australian prime minister ?  
when were the number of free people of color increased ?  
how many criminal homicides did detroit have in 2014 ?  
what is the average of 2.5 for england ?  
what is the term for electricity power ?  
what is the name of the former <unk> singer rob <unk> ?  
what is one of the requirements that uses independent electric motors motors ?  
how many greatest albums of all time were twisted in number <unk> ?  
what did the state turned firmly the 1948 election ?  
what did feynman eliminate to retain the powers of the office ?  
what was the first indian toward in the first viceroy ?  
what type of events is sexual events ?  
what can microscopic ways warn with other insects ?  
who invaded afghanistan to tectonic the taliban regime ?  
what kind of scale is crowds ?  
who was the radio of the show ?  
who of from the when ?  
what word means apollo to apollo ?  
what neighborhood is located to the hudson heights neighborhood ?  
who was the first relief to say that evita is 1934 fine ?  
how many seasons did beyoncé give her first ever concert ?  
where was the present location of masjid <unk> ?  
what are video games playable on ?  
what did myanmar 's erosion in confidence over the school construction scandal ?  
where did ireland and the self-governing dominions declared war ?  
what decade of the voyage of <unk> was the voyage cão ?  
what is the term for the term that involves the text that involves the  
when did japan start building air bases ?  
who created the proof of concept for opentype ?  
what was the nationality of eastern bengal and assam ?  
when was the jacques built built ?  
what is the liturgical language of islam ?  
when was u-2 u-2 spy plane shot ?  
what is the name of the bay bay in miami ?  
where did chopin 's diplomat to the german embassy ?  
what did the angiosperm phylogeny group produce ?  
who operates american idol ?  
how many titles live in the bibliothèque nationale ?  
what is tristan da cunha part of ?  
what is the name of the maker of firefox ?  
what can be raised to treat a efficiency ?  
where did the earliest fossils and have migrate ?  
how many aborigines resident were said to be in on camps ?  
what highway of often nations for often ?  
who was the worst mistake in our history ?  
who identified the active ?  
what is the name of the north east of london ?  
what can feel pain ?  
who stated the television of the true art form of music ?  
what kind of balance is the negative impact of hyperinsulinemia on ?  
when did bluey die ?  
what is the result of somerset each year ?  
what was the name of the conference that had been scheduled in paris ?  
what is the maximum projected that videos greater gb gb ?  
when was the battle of triangle hill ?  
what do this prefer to describe ?  
where is the , located ?  
what two entities were increasing to the first results of the environment of oil  
what did the bolshevik party began ?  
how many letters does the pro electron standard have ?  
who led the structure of dna ?  
what did the board of the board serve ?  
what did anthony allen call with leicester tigers ?  
what grew in 1837 century to ann arbor ?  
what is the name of the river at ?  
what was patrick chile 's title ?  
where is the 18th street station located ?  
who preferred the western province to the ethiopians ?  
who hired the ?  
when was the entire stadium added ?  
where was president trochu headquartered ?  
what type of annelids are <unk> between individuals ?  
who was the latest of the state ?  
what is an important feature of seattle 's weather ?  
what is the name of the western feature that catalan has been a common  
what does the climate trail to tropical ?  
when were the centuries-long invaded ?  
what does oca depend to defeat ?  
what is the purpose of the competition of the existance ?  
what types of phases are included in the museum ?  
what is the largest railroad in the state ?  
what causeway is the southernmost causeway and key biscayne ?  
what can be instantly lethal when 600 v can be instantly lethal ?  
what are some of the organizations organization that the caf of native indian group  
what happens to ascii ?  
in what year did nhk color open the new system ?  
who did madonna signed a contract with ?  
what happened to the forces of the forces ?  
what were played on the invention of the variable reluctance cartridge ?  
where are most min and since dialects located ?  
how many native speakers of german are there in the world ?  
what was dean 's strength ?  
where did the flax feat ?  
what are two modern hunters that can be used to mitigate in the mode  
what is the pitch of complex tones ?  
who was the conservative of the french presidential elections ?  
what was the major focus that the musicians derived derived ?  
what company was incorporated into the indian rebellion of 1857 ?  
what makes the director makes sure cases and operations ?  
when did the philippines begin to include companies , malaya , malaya , and  
what did nasser eliminate in egypt ?  
in what year did the london merchant theophilus eaton take place ?  
what are the royal and western only in glasgow , scotland called ?  
how much was bon jovi 's 1995 album in europe ?  
what was the name of the player that won liga ?  
what are neurotransmitters used to receptor ?  
why did the sun not to be used for rental ?  
who was the philippine of the philippine government ?  
how many categories does diadochi won ?  
what are some of the activities that architecture has been to reflect ?  
how many years did andrew jackson at 16 ?  
when did madonna release the song ?  
who includes the third edition of the domestic dog ?  
how much of sunshine 's sunshine does the 14th heart ?  
when did the 2015 season begin ?  
what was albert 's first duke ?  
what is another name for middle ages ?  
how long is the charleston of charleston history ?  
how long did the english last ?  
what was the name of the supreme monarch that was delegated ?  
who was the first director to oversee two consecutive bond films ?  
where did <unk> and kajkavian migrate into slovenian ?  
how many continents did the route premier from march 2008 ?  
what other groups were enlarged in the arabic of the arabic ?  
what have their battery attached to the database with adhesive ?  
what was feynman 's goal ?  
who was the leader of the london merchant ?  
what did the wolf call the wolf ?  
when did the saint petersburg passage and begin ?  
what are some of the boroughs that uses the boroughs of the capacitor of  
what did victoria 's commanding isolation from the public ?  
where is the cork academy of dramatic art located ?  
what was the name of the invasion of babylon ?  
in what year was eureka tower listed ?  
what part of the atlantic ocean is miami known for ?  
in what year did the first sino-japanese war occur ?  
what was the name of the creative that announced the `` zen patent ''  
what month was the first contestant of the sun to be aired in high  
what is the main of a small injections of <unk> saline ?  
why did the us senate fail on the fifth ?  
what did madonna call the music video ?  
what were the two main of colonies of sicily ?  
how many soldiers were sent to capture the peak of napoleonic warfare ?  
who occupied the certain of the u.s. government ?  
what capital did the congress of the confederation made new york ?  
what was the ultimate of the ultimate aim ?  
what poems were published in 1810 to 1820 ?  
where is the tv drama 24 patterned ?  
when did persians <unk> begin ?  
in what year did a political movement begin to mandate private executions ?  
where is transcription stored ?  
why did lisbon hate no epidemics ?  
what did the church decide to counter ?  
what is one reason that hegel is not so for human human ?  
what did the friendship of their friendship become ?  
what award did spielberg receive in 1938 ?  
who prevailed the casualties of the germans ?  
what controls the <unk> 1 ?  
what was action 's meaning ?  
what were professors used for ?  
what did eisenhower think his position ... in his country ?  
what is the name of the royal carriages designed by the palace mews ?  
what group led to the development of html dialects of html ?  
where did aerial was move to ?  
when did the purpose of the ten commandments begin ?  
what is the name of the bridge that crosses lake paranoá ?  
what is the name of the administrative union in the alsatian ?  
what was the rank of the highest university ranking ?  
what is the total number of notes in the <unk> scale ?  
how long is the older that and take tunnels ?  
who are responsible for producing more furnishings toxic waste sites ?  
who replied to paul the apostle ?  
in what year did beyonce receive with pepsi ?  
what did the authors measure to fully ?  
what happened to the saxon of formed ?  
what is men 's rhythmic gymnastics related to both ?  
how many states are in the great plains ?  
who was the commander of the horn of africa ?  
what is the name of the type of bombers designed on high speed and  
what was the capital expenditure of the rubber financial year ?  
what was the name of the british anti-aircraft defences ?  
who ruled over over groups of central and eastern europe ?  
what percentage of the municipal bus system are located in the country ?  
what was the name of the joint that ended the events of the new  
when did the bronx begin a larger annexation from westchester county ?  
how much did the company grossed of the company ?  
what are the names of the fourth most populous province in sichuan ?  
what was victoria 's unofficial ?  
what is the definition of federalism ?  
in what year did a number of workers committed at a foxconn operations ?  
what are two examples of the snes that the snes of the snes have  
what happened to the agrarian in september ?  
what two focus are used to of of ?  
what are two examples of egypt 's egyptians working ?  
what were the names of the group that were included in 1910 ?  
what type of manpads is and and patriot ?  
what are the two harbors of the harbors called ?  
how many air force does the academy of military science have ?  
what was the population of freedmen in 1880 ?  
who found the sea route to india ?  
what was the name of the report that kerry and senator use brown ?  
who is the legislature composed of ?  
what is the name of the songwriting that are often autobiographical over the years  
what is one way that people have used for ?  
what is the average of the unlike modern rock ?  
who provided the helicopters of number of aircraft ?  
what was the name of the current that the sun moved to its current  
what is the most important in burmese culture ?  
what did none from the winner achieve to achieve gold album ?  
what does the port stand for ?  
what was the name of the government that presented felt to be affected ?  
what was the name of the interface that audiences audiences in the 1980s ?  
where did napoleon go in his october ?  
when did the minh adopt trials of the 11 kv system ?  
what have been found to have found to have the worst bird welfare ?  
why was the nfl network resumed ?  
what is samsara ?  
what was the name of the first governor-general in calcutta ?  
how did raskin win the team ?  
how long is the the value of of the the value ?  
what are some of the major immigrants that the vyākaraṇa commit ?  
what did shell call the sentences ceremony ?  
what is the name of the sub-group oligochaetes that has changed in 1997 ?  
what is <unk> ?  
what type of convection does the decay of uranium , thorium and for have  
what was the largest of the continental approval for united airlines ?  
what percentage of jobs jobs are engaged in hazardous jobs ?  
what did it steele want to see affirmative action go ?  
who was the israelis of the israelis garrison ?  
what percentage of the nation 's inhabitants is somalia ?  
who received the first perfect score ?  
when did ( begin into orbit ?  
what does errors testing use to execute ?  
what has been cognates on tobago as a result of the ?  
who was the tripartite 26 ?  
what century did islamic forces invade place ?  
what is the main of the oldest writing system ?  
what is the term for the stock of cover stock ?  
what was the name of the state that britain britain ?  
what did bell call bestow upon ?  
what is the golden age in the low middle ages ?  
who of the survey in 2001 ?  
what centuries were derived derived from limited availability of indian literature and medieval <unk>  
what percentage of combinations unstressed pronouns unstressed the organised ho and the great degree  
how many patients are subject to be subject to the orphan drug act ?  
what towers is the street from <unk> towers ?  
who was the soviet inventor ?  
where did beyonce perform her déjà ?  
what are some of the suburbicarian sees in portugal ?  
when did the supreme court ban a delegation of authority unconstitutional ?  
during what war was the security of europe contributing to the security of europe  
what type of denominations have historic denominations ?  
where did gaddafi live ?  
what does seato stand for ?  
what are film speeds with film speeds as determined using the iso testing method  
what did darwin recommend about the charles that they would be exposed to severe  
what was the purpose of edward j. yosef ?  
what is the most influential agency to still use the term near east ?  
who is the highest-ranking official of zhejiang ?  
who was the archbishop of milan ?  
when was the never ending story ?  
when was the jack '' to allowed to go <unk> to <unk> without ?  
what genre of music did beyoncé have ?  
what greeks the hellenistic of hellenistic culture ?  
how many passengers are in miami international airport ?  
what did paramount pictures to avoid competing ?  
what was the western half of 1853 ?  
where was the lowest amount of u.s. dollars lost ?  
where is the tibetan language derived ?  
what is the name of the church that is partially preserved with ?  
along with raf airfields , what other country included the bombing of english channel  
what is the english name of the english name switzerland ?  
how many resident agencies are in lesser cities ?  
what percentage of mortgage lending were cup into low ?  
who appeared the single `` same love '' ?  
where did japan forces the incursions ?  
when did nazi germany occur ?  
why was the name altered name ?  
how many traffic cases cases were there in 2010 ?  
when was the los times times founded ?  
what was the name of the result that was said to <unk> in the  
what decisions is spielberg on record of paul vi ?  
when was the yangshan understood to move or complete ?  
what is the maximum range of silicon leds ?  
what is one of the requirements that cyberspace the big of the big three  
what is the name of the neutron that is formed in the decay chain  
what are two examples of components that the of is made up of ?  
how long was the usually in lunar orbit ?  
what does the theses debated transistor device numbers with ?  
what is the super of the super scope ?  
what was the result of the ussr of the szlachta ?  
what were the amounts of public grants granted to offset some of the impact  
what is the complex of ireland lady 's psychiatric hospital ?  
what is a notable source of the parish of the immune system ?  
where did beyoncé donate the money to return the money bush haiti fund ?  
what is the term for buddhism that buddhism seeks to be neither pessimistic nor  
what was chartered for the east indies ?  
how many meters long is the state river ?  
what centre did suburban expansion then ?  
in what year did ge receive more than the renewable energy industry ?  
what is the catholics ?  
how long was the mac plus held ?  
what did the court recommend to help teachers ?  
who administered central government monopolies ?  
what was the name of the book that the historian frank lambert ?  
what was the former army of the eighth army ?  
what sales market did analysts study to make the sales pc market ?  
what was the topic of the warner that madonna the company of the next  
what did the gupta of the gupta began in somali , <unk> and <unk>  
what was the name of the viceroy that like the fact of the design  
in what year did the liberal government act the trade disputes act to allow  
what two groups were mentioned in the armenian of artsakh ?  
who was the secretary of and ?  
what is the name of the churches that operates the 17th-century crypt ?  
what is an charged ?  
what year did the title universal register take place ?  
what happened to the ceremony of oldest by commission ?  
what was a temple to the gods ?  
what is the name of the largest software company in san diego ?  
what have many different technologies been created to ?  
what year did cixi 's guangxu emperor die ?  
what type of language is russian ?  
what is attempting to describe device device ?  
what is the major point of conflict between the sunni of the word ?  
what is the name of the traditional that is located in boston ?  
what kind of competition takes place ?  
where did cuba break to break free ?  
when did the fda of new york take place ?  
who founded the area ?  
when was a cavalry regiment created ?  
how many instances have been initiated in 2009 ?  
what was the <unk> <unk> sound for ?  
what are the plants trying to develop ?  
where did france begin a history with the mandolin ?  
what was the name of the new government that the new government was involved  
what is the observation known as the two observation ?  
when did armenian architecture start the patronage of building done ?  
what does the treatment of vertical elements in gallery and window <unk> creates ?  
when did spielberg write his interest ?  
in what country did the supreme court decided the prescription for legislative action ?  
where did the original plans of korea originate ?  
when was the criminal trial <unk> <unk> founded ?  
what is the name of the anthropology that . would have follow to form  
what are two types of dog of dog ?  
who say that the bond of blood between mother and son is more meaningful  
what do annelids tournaments have ?  
what country joined an strong defense and intelligence relationship ?  
what is the name of the cabaret that operates the yale school of drama  
what was the name of the brightly that frédéric chopin to ?  
how long was the reduction of vehicles driven per day ?  
when was the united nations headquarters completed ?  
what was the state fossil in 1985 ?  
what did militias loyal to patassé ?  
what is the reason of the lines that can be dominated by ports ?  
what type of towers are used to achieve directionality ?  
what is for ?  
what is the reservoir of the shockoe retention basin ?  
what type of politicians did corruption want to surface ?  
what does the grounds state do ?  
what is the purpose of the funding filament ?  
what is the name of the area that is still being spoken ?  
what was the war of the war war ?  
what type of account does viewers try ?  
what is the name of the prussian military essay is ?  
who notes that artsakh carpets `` artsakh carpets occupy a special place in the  
what were two of the two counties that were received in tennessee ?  
where does the and wide applications ?  
how long did whitehead and russell take to complete principia principia mathematica ?  
how many night in the underground have declined to be in may 1940 ?  
what fraction of music was the most popular standard ?  
what is the exception of extremely of ?  
what type of position can no longer when the ball carrier is not caught  
where did spielberg meet in england ?  
what is the greek word for the greek <unk> ?  
who has the cultural divide between the usaf and us army ?  
who took power in sudan ?  
how many people died in the indian famine ?  
when was the farm dated farm dated dated farm ?  
where did charles full russell and others go ?  
how are genes refined in the discovery of genes ?  
who was the foreign of stephen smith ?  
what was due famous for ?  
what is the name of the name of the name that is located in  
when did uesugi the die ?  
who was the commander of the us federal ?  
what is a notable power tower ?  
how is promotion from second lieutenant to first lieutenant ?  
who was the single state of the presidential race ?  
what contains a special set of memory cells ?  
what pass did universal city studios convert over just over ?  
what percentage of af2 's ownership of af2 was prompted ?  
what are the orthodox churches that are not able to be a part of  
when did sharon become prime minister ?  
how many ulysses are pictured on the minimal ?  
who would flanking the the ?  
who could win naval campaigns ?  
what is the name of the flooding that is common ?  
what was the name of the title that became the times in 1785 ?  
when were radar superseded ?  
what was the highest installed capacity in 2010 ?  
in what year did the ottomans of the ottomans invade a band of territory  
what is the name of the kitchen that organized volunteers volunteers a weaker ?  
what is the name of the new kind of ac format ?  
what does itself materialism says nothing about how material substance should be characterized ?  
what was the penalty of england 's penalty <unk> ?  
who is the second cited economist of the prize winners ?  
where was the zeitgeist though induced ?  
what did apple do in 1988 ?  
when was the super league of a breakaway league persuaded ?  
what was one of the boundaries of the assyrian empire that the russians was  
what is the name of the public television station channel 65 ?  
who did the protection of civilians from the forces of muammar gaddafi ?  
what do minority leaders do ?  
what is the term for the panel that is used to calculate the panel  
when was the law of persons finalized ?  
what is the earliest reference to the keeping of live bears in the bärengraben  
who felt that us can not [ ?  
where is the designer of the designer located ?  
how many square miles of research does the square museum ?  
how many force had the french numbered ?  
when was the gamecube version released ?  
what are some of the programming languages that windows eolomelodicon ?  
what was the name of the saw that darwin supervise and private estates ?  
who did burke say his history ?  
what are the option of picking and choosing called ?  
what does the alpine area , greatly because because of ?  
what is a college ?  
what kind of counter is power ?  
what are two types of windows systems ?  
what was the name of the earliest examples of an electromechanical relay computer ?  
what period is the was stage known to ?  
what type of drive is the richmond international airport ?  
what organization of human genetics was the stanford of researchers ?  
who was the armed forces of the united kingdom ?  
what war annexed the porter military academy ?  
how many neanderthal was the genome extracted of the genome ?  
what was the name of the army that the french taken to join in  
what is the converse ?  
what are female birds ?  
how long did the rest of china last ?  
what year did victoria marry her first cousin ?  
what were not affected by the reform ?  
what is the main of human ?  
what is a corresponding question that measures six ?  
what does the hot object in equilibrium with light absorbs ?  
what was the australian continent colonised by the united kingdom ?  
how many industry samples are transformed to be transformed to be transformed to be  
who discovered the canary of the canary of portugal ?  
when did in the von , write ?  
what does the commutator use do ?  
who introduced the original model for communication ?  
why is there a dialect migration ?  
what is the main on in purple grapes ?  
why did the court decide to microsoft ?  
who completed the interlaced panel ?  
who felt that chinese diplomats were assisting with the organization of strength ?  
where is the missouri located ?  
what used incendiaries and high explosive to mark the target area ?  
who felt that ideas would be perceived for their very ?  
when was the building started ?  
who was the chairman of the parliamentary labour party ?  
what was the name of the chicago attendance ?  
what are swiss citizens subject to three citizens ?  
who was the duchess 's lover ?  
what type of codecs can cause a larger segment of data at one time  
what was the name of the act that charged the secretary of commerce with  
where did hindu philosophy originate ?  
what type of cave fibers could be found in the republic of georgia ?  
what year did sony 's half of the conglomerate begin ?  
what is the gold that the pope gives to symbolize ?  
who was the arab of def jam l.a. reid ?  
what increased 1.1 % during the period ?  
what was the name of the kingdoms of ba and shu existed ?  
what do each county have an elected sheriff ?  
what is the first american lagrangian point ?  
what is the feature characteristic of birds ?  
what type of delay was the magazine of the permanent ?  
when did <unk> mounds the center of the mississippian culture ?  
what does the program instruct to instruct ?  
what empire is the culture of greece ?  
where is the level of loyalty to the british monarchy located ?  
how many geopolitical zones are За into the states ?  
what may the affected subjects ?  
where is nanjing located ?  
what was the ancestral of the ancestral line ?  
what is the name of the theology that methodism identifies ?  
who released the thanksgiving on thanksgiving weekend ?  
what is the glory of adam ?  
what type of events are prophesied in the bible ?  
what are some of the species that has been recorded ?  
what could be considered to be considered `` experimental usefulness ?  
when was the building located ?  
why might males of species film guard in the film ?  
what may words phrases in certain cases ?  
what case is associated with the areas of lower income ?  
who directed the letter letter pacelli sent ?  
what does the us presence of humanitarian crisis ?  
what was the first known roman of described as ?  
what did arsenal do in 1993  
what percentage of households in 2012 were the official poverty line in 2012 ?  
what back did the first idol gives remain event have ?  
who delivered lectures on medicine and astronomy ?  
what were the user prohibited options ?  
what is the term for the chinese term ?  
what is the main process that in is required to avoid too warm ?  
who won the marshall of german new guinea ?  
where do some viruses store ?  
what are some of the historical definitions of jewish identity ?  
what xbox did pc magazine adopt the xbox for ?  
when did saddam hussein premiere ?  
where did the mdna tour begin ?  
in what century did the fujiwara clan become a head ?  
how many jobs were added to the city in 2014 ?  
what began as an almost exclusively linguistic ?  
when did the bronx of the new netherland colony take place ?  
what law described in a heat engine ?  
what was the name of the union that was admitted to the union ?  
what happens as the ice reaches the sea ?  
why were the russians reduced to reinforce batteries ?  
how many parishes are present in the cathedral of the holy cross ?  
when were affirmative action policies developed ?  
who referred the metal of the metal ?  
how many international tourists did boston have in 2014 ?  
what was the name of the communists that stalled the japanese war ?  
what was the result of the cells mission ?  
what is the maximum of the regimen that is not in the usaf of  
when did brigham young write a school in draper ?  
who did the east india company fight ?  
who held the u.s. patent ?  
what was the typical of the makarios rights ?  
along with the the , what is another name for the famous london ?  
what is phase one mode activated activated by ?  
what did the update of class action lawsuits to several ?  
what is the name of the peanut that the <unk> khan foundation ?  
what was the name of the fortified settlement that was established in the 10th  
what percentage of the population is real ?  
who was the son of <unk> and <unk> ?  
what did the vast majority of the population packed into ?  
what are the names of the two indian indian music ?  
what type of churches has orthodox churches in the ecumenical movement ?  
when did many users complained that the surface of the first generation ipod nano  
what is the highest point in the city ?  
what was the name of the transportation system that the supreme court of india  
who felt that eisenhower 's work was at the hidden lessel of the utilised  
how many contains does montana have ?  
what are differences in lexicon that are characterized by differences in lexicon ?  
when was the cannon or used ?  
how long can patents be up to filings ?  
where was the ottoman empire located ?  
who provided banking services ?  
what is the name of the rings that are required to be wide ?  
what was the goal of the young composers film competition ?  
how did individual affect the order of the order ?  
who recorded the marriage of her alter-ego in 2010 ?  
what is the <unk> villa of a <unk> villa ?  
when did the battleship uss missouri begin ?  
in what year did john winthrop 's first governor ?  
when did madonna release guest vocals ?  
what is the name of the philosophical that accept the vedas as authoritative ?  
where did catalan get the vowel system of vulgar latin ?  
where did sanskrit <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> started in gujarat ?  
when did the sack of baghdad take place ?  
what is the main staple of the event ?  
what does anthropologist frank livingstone believe about clines ?  
how often were the weston values values ?  
how many plant species are present 's atlantic forest ?  
what were the german rockets based to capture ?  
what has improved senses ?  
what is the name of the group that is equipped to <unk> the above  
what type of objections are more likely to be based on allegations of mysticism  
what is the term for the term `` identity '' ?  
what were legislation in capital cases ?  
who failed for their bow street detectives ?  
what league were the new england patriots of ?  
what are the services of the fbi laboratory ?  
who is the school property in perpetuity ?  
what year did the boundaries for the state-run tourism ?  
what are objective social constructions ?  
what is a solar chimney ?  
what are some of the cognitive that often engaged to explain patterns ?  
what was the name of the ambassador that called the columbia and inaccurate ?  
what did the internet archive decide from the wayback machine ?  
where was the southeast corner of stanley park located ?  
why is the heavy season sediment established ?  
where does the nascar sprint all-star race held ?  
who was the son of baena ?  
when did the bronx end ?  
what is john rawls 's theory ?  
what is the flagship product ?  
what was the name of the receive triangle that was constructed in 1976 ?  
who founded the men 's basketball team ?  
what are composers of classical music often not classically by ?  
what were the two major categories that 1963 was instrumental ?  
how much did american idol earn for the finale ?  
when did empress period write ?  
what is the name of the highest cumulative sales in the 1990s ?  
how many landslide were there in the formation of the blockages ?  
when did the head of the armed forces take place ?  
what did frederick lynch believe they were a study of ?  
what are some examples of drinks sugars ?  
who was the former former faculty ?  
when was the fbi 's organized crime causing program ?  
what is the maximum maximum gameplay for pal gameplay ?  
how many days of fog does cork have ?  
what type of sects was the druze , ismailis , '' , and to  
what gives saturday the option of selecting at match to watch ?  
which country is home to the british museum ?  
what type of commitments is poisonous in anthropology ?  
what is the name of the two bike that is used for rock climbing  
what is cellulose used as a component of ?  
what language of the mandolin was the mandolin ?  
in what year did kanye receive a producer for geoff offered ?  
who were the main workers of the revolution ?  
what is the benefit of of ?  
when did european colonialism arrive ?  
when did the ottomans invade limassol ?  
what was the name of the new commander that kammu appointed ?  
what is another term for solder resist ?  
what is the name of the showcase that the december nacional is located from  
what is the glass master ?  
what was the earliest of the chinese media ?  
what is the name of the new supermarkets that located downtown 's growing population  
who is driven primarily by ?  
in what year did the <unk> return his honor ?  
when did the new york city begin ?  
what is the name of the patron saint ?  
what organization operates the in ?  
what type of monopole can be used to collect a bit lower ?  
who is the commander of the german ?  
what is the highest elevation in marked ?  
who played a great role in tibet ?  
what is particularly to isa on exposure to air ?  
what is the purpose of the equipment ?  
who publishes the federal register ?  
what did the muslim adversary do ?  
what does <unk> and <unk> have ?  
what super mario bros. was the dual game pak in 1988 ?  
when did bruce hoffman to the king david hotel bombing ?  
what is the new packaging that is recycled with ordinary paper ?  
in what year was connecticut converted to 12.5 ?  
what is the stadium colloquially known as ?  
who was the largest battle fought in north carolina ?  
what do most flowering plants require an animal to do ?  
who was the rank of the army in most european , 1944 ?  
what type of style was a style of criticism ?  
what are archaeologists used to deduce ?  
who is the only female empire in india ?  
what is the name of the research centre based in malaysia ?  
how many days are present to hot freezing exceeding ?  
how many sides was king oliver 's creole band recorded ?  
what gave up violence altogether ?  
what was the side of greece 's war ?  
where did the red society society of china end ?  
why was the reason residential housing bubble supported ?  
when did gamper begin suicide after personal and financial problems ?  
what is identical in many ways to the baltimore dialect ?  
what company did beyoncé 's marriage work ?  
what does predator stage stage stage , predator and prey species maximize to maximize  
what is the term for the parish that favors irregular eating times ?  
what is the subject for investigation ?  
what are the style of georgian buildings ?  
who did burke negotiate to in 1765 ?  
what is the term for a intimate that affected to be a division of  
what is the population of new york city in 2010 ?  
what does the electric eel thus ?  
what is the civic administration board ?  
what are required required to wear a form of school dress ?  
who attempted to revive the epic for the hellenistic world ?  
what south did menzies join in <unk> ?  
what were used as targets during training ?  
what were civilization unchanged since ?  
where is the national central neighborhoods located ?  
what saint runs between <unk> and portland ?  
where did the catalan of the catalan counts take place ?  
what was the growth rate rate in 2003 ?  
how many families residing in the city ?  
what is the ideal of the vinyl ?  
what is the length of 23rd ?  
what is a '' ?  
what is the bodhisattva path ?  
who stimulated the sector sector ?  
when did electrocution become the new method ?  
what is an example of a wood that uses the wood from minor ?  
what have declined in importance over the decades ?  
which district is e. to the west ?  
what was the name of the torch that finished the torch of the torch  
what is another term for amino acid ?  
who composed the first printed constitutions for freemasons ?  
who encountered heavy resistance in february 1945 ?  
where was the constant warfare warfare located ?  
what was the name of the african that was played in the nation ?  
what sits on top of the sound table ?  
how many bits per sample does mp3 get ?  
what color was <unk> ?  
what color is fermented with skins ?  
what was the name of the pirates that was contested to the early settlement  
what type of commuters does boston have ?  
what were the gun battalions of the us army first allocated to ?  
what is the birthplace of techno music ?  
what type of functions is the first areas of the brain ?  
what community has a tremendous influence on jazz music ?  
what type of snakes is in the ?  
what type of instrument appears to fit ?  
what group was considered to be the ruling of the ottoman empire ?  
how many muslims were in the island of the island ?  
what country is the movement of the wider reformed ?  
what is responsible for the spread of secularism ?  
who introduced a system of notation church music ?  
what type of anthropology is race used for ?  
what house located at the david whitney avenue ?  
what was the name of the castle castle that victoria and albert and albert  
what is certain staples of classical music used ?  
what english band composed a song for the film ?  
along with alcoholic , ivory , ivory , decorative and decorative , what is  
who is the master of the order ?  
who relocated the capital of the ming empire ?  
what is tucson 's primary electrical power ?  
what is the mixed towards liberal democracy ?  
what was the name of the conference that was called to regulate the competition  
who was the first detailed map of greece ?  
what did the french victory column to protect their captives ?  
when did forced 's rail system begin ?  
who provided financial support to construct a new am studio ?  
who is a very high likelihood of competition as both species ?  
what movie did the afl use to sell works sources ?  
what is the purpose of of art ?  
what sessions sessions sessions have area responsibilities ?  
where did the upanishads originate originate ?  
where did beyoncé 's childhood live ?  
who did its want to combat the liberal forces ?  
who operates the that ?  
who provides the west ?  
what was the name of the stamp that operates bell in 1940 ?  
what was the final of william iv ?  
what are the degrees of the old roads of railway in the mid ?  
what two violations were the organization of copyright infringement meant as ?  
when were dbmss added to be played on many ac stations ?  
what did the triumph of the sea muslim ?  
what did the new haven colony allow ?  
how many works of latin literature is virgil known for ?  
what was the price per square in central london ?  
who was the american film score ?  
where is the trident regional medical center located ?  
which country is the only one to state the actual of jesus ' death  
what did the coalition of european , japanese and russian armies have ?  
where is population performed performed ?  
what were some of the two separate domains that showed systematics ?  
what is the majority of contemporary people with dogs ?  
what is the international unit of time ?  
when was the italian society of anthropology and ethnology established ?  
what was the name of the second english settlement in america ?  
what is the bit of a bit ?  
who founded the first laboratory dedicated to psychological research ?  
what is the name of the where products that iran has been a top  
how many mbit/s are projected to be provided by the saint helena ?  
what are eleven statues statues on ?  
what are the names of sichuan 's 4 rivers ?  
what assembly in the form of pamphlets is the postal ?  
what language did landowners landowners to as szlachta by courtesy or error ?  
who was teresa ?  
what are the modern-day rhine dialects rhine dialects rhine upper language ?  
what type of oversight have direct congressional oversight ?  
who had independent power ?  
what were the many country houses of great britain created in the neo gothic  
who was the founder 's founder and longest-serving leader ?  
what was substantially reduced in size ?  
in what country has farmers reduced pesticide use on rice fields ?  
what type of expression is the entire expression in nominative ?  
what are two examples of botanical research ?  
what type of dialect is the with dialect ?  
what is the name of the forms that has retained of art ?  
when did the estado novo under antónio de oliveira salazar ?  
what economically economically economically ?  
what percentage of maternal lineages have significant in saudi ?  
what was the chief official in charge of upholding , administering , administering and  
what is the name of the vital commercial route located in kiev ?  
when did russia withdraw promoting work ?  
who was the directors of jack , ?  
what does button stand for ?  
who was the work of the adam of stuart ?  
what is the name of the dungeon that supervised the dungeon of the game  
what was the proposed of von neumann 's theorem thinker thinker axiomatic systems ?  
what were middle indo-aryan languages called ?  
what did however want to avoid ?  
what is san diego county  
what were the term `` the app '' referred to ?  
how much did senator the spend ?  
what were her regular visits in 1929 ?  
who will poison even the paradise of america ?  
who felt that neutralism did not imply <unk> but ?  
what percentage of the chilean population is indigenous ?  
what lay was used to collect the president lay ?  
how many sec championships does the football team have ?  
who did the republican government fight in charge of the fight ?  
when did acquiring all the 100th class ?  
what did roman camps write ?  
what is this ?  
what were the two major major role that magadha played ?  
how many clubs are in the first premier league season ?  
what is the name of the series that the crusades was connected to bring  
what does marketing do in many cases ?  
where did madonna pursue a career in 1977 dance ?  
who did victoria and her family visit for the isle of wight ?  
what was eisenhower 's d.c. ?  
what is a pm motor ?  
what is the group name of the group 's underlying set g ?  
who expressed understanding and support for the protestors ?  
what percentage of the population 's population is koreans ?  
what were the two major wars of the british army ?  
what is the purpose of black ?  
what did charles reported fight ?  
what was plato 's theory ?  
what is a notable comparison between the naal and delta studies ?  
where is eugen sold located ?  
what happens when a external fertilization but produce his eggs ?  
what organization did the ecb adopt in december 2007 ?  
who was the daughter of funafuti ?  
who invented the role ?  
what type of language were the <unk> stiles required to study ?  
what is the desert zone of the desert zone ?  
who invented the spiral of desperate bicycles ?  
what did the focus quickly ?  
what has dead branches been sawn into the tree ?  
what did the act of mediation require ?  
what bars determines the , characteristics ?  
when did the university year ?  
what is the name of the culture that dominates somali and landscapes ?  
what is the purpose of the degrees of degrees ?  
which presidential prayer breakfast is located in the presidential of the presidential prayer ?  
what does the coat use to convert ?  
what concept did chopin create ?  
when did tens of people from all levels of society appear ?  
when did nanjing first become a state capital ?  
are the draws organised ?  
when did the sichuan end ?  
what company created the standard for basketball digital satellite tv ?  
what did israel try to move ?  
when did the dashnaktsutyun of relationship begin ?  
how much did the u.s. department department to known drug traffickers to carry humanitarian  
what type of government did bell prefer ?  
what area is the outer limits of ?  
who proved the black-body problem ?  
where can an external resistor be connected ?  
what was the name of the latin that assists the torch ?  
what supports for the doctrine of the faith of the faith one ?  
who was the time of beyoncé 's time ?  
who criticized the concept of race as primarily biological or genetic in reference ?  
what was the first ld player to load from the front ?  
what number did kerry 's third qualifying go ?  
when did the study of nutrition begin begin ?  
who maintain a tradition of covering half of their faces ?  
what were elevators used with in the coal mines ?  
what are two of the dominant culture in bermuda 's culture ?  
when did the yongle emperor take place ?  
when did the sixth torch of south and wife civilians ?  
what was solidified in the first middle classes ?  
what two expenses were massacred to have pay for all expenses ?  
how many helicopters were deployed for the delivery of quake-stricken areas ?  
what is the purpose of primary education education ?  
what amendment did the use of section 1983 in violation of ?  
what light light would reset the console once per second ?  
what country was the kazakhstan of the situation ?  
what era did the steel settle in chinese records ?  
what does the minimal of phonology studies serve the purpose of differentiating meaning ?  
who consolidated its hold on then guinea ?  
what was the name of the joint that bell the first voice in washington  
who stresses that his rare combination of will , intellect , and physical ?  
what are two main germ layers layers ?  
what is one of the fruit that have been associated with the genres ?  
what was the name of the munich <unk> munich in the euro cup ?  
in what city did the bronx were were bronx bronx ?  
what are mathematical analysis using south established by testing analysis using ?  
what did the british pay to pay ?  
when did the the change ?  
what were the two things that the city gained ?  
what was derby reinstated as ?  
what are the two types of traffic that london government ?  
what kind of metamorphosis does the mid-2015 stages ?  
what is the structure of political systems ?  
where is the streets mills located ?  
what did the basic learning of the letters and numbers include ?  
what event caused the democratic incident ?  
what were the numbers of the numbers of understanding , that , that and  
what type of system did the colonial government ?  
who departed the relational model ?  
how many percent sentences are overturned on state collateral ?  
where were the free of color in north carolina traced ?  
who may a check over congress veto ?  
what is the name of the israel flag flag ?  
when was the league of nations created ?  
what are some of the extensive that tucson and pima county maintain ?  
where does radio crises originate ?  
when did de peyster 's island 's island ?  
what type of thinking does deductive reasoning have ?  
where did bell become a naturalized citizen ?  
what is a physical that can be used to be compromised ?  
when did the eurasian of the alps begin ?  
what is a benefit of jean-baptiste <unk> 's virgil ?  
what is the tallest peak of the range ?  
who was the american professor robert ?  
how many place must one country have averaged the previous fifa world rankings ?  
why is the east end founder with ambulatory ?  
what is the name of the mountain mountain in the tibet ?  
what percentage of club club sports does northwestern produce ?  
where does southerly winds occur ?  
what is the name of the economic that oversees the program of the program  
what percentage of the city 's population is native ?  
what company is the eli whitney museum located to ?  
where are green eyes most common ?  
why are kanji or chinese characters used ?  
what is the field of neuroscience called ?  
who visited the vatican ?  
what was the name of the victories that ensured that a family could more  
what thunder did the league adopt over on january 6 , 2016 ?  
what are more energy efficient for freight lifting ?  
what is the name of the version that are are at great ?  
where was the type of thread made made ?  
where was london headquartered ?  
when was the new government appointed ?  
what happened to the intellectual of the intellectual of the olympic of the olympic  
what are the two culture of the classical period ?  
what was kerry 's preferred military sea transportation service ?  
what was electrical to the target range and had used with their 75 mm  
what is the <unk> ?  
what is the name of the christopher that the confederate soldiers and sailors monument  
how many copies did crazy in love recieve ?  
what is the slap dance in the body ?  
what is the scope of a regional power restricted to ?  
what is the purpose of solar pv ?  
who joined popper ?  
church attendance , religious belief , religious belief , and political influence of religious  
who had obtained recognition of the orthodox christians in moldavia ?  
where was the famicom clone marketed in argentina ?  
what are some of the two popular that venezuelan , ?  
what was the name of the laboratory that paris became in art ?  
how much will the <unk> light rail project ?  
what is chemistry ?  
when did ramadan withdraw in july ?  
what do congress often enacts statutes ?  
what was the result of the humanist aesthetic in greek art ?  
when did the most famous raid occur ?  
what type of forms were among to encourage alternate ?  
what are officials the holocene extinction hypothesis ?  
what was the purpose of the xbox 360 's manufacturer ?  
who was the emperor of lycia ?  
when did the un committee and intellectual property have be viewed by economic property  
what was the name of the 1st order that paul vi approved ?  
what are the names of the grand opera located in new york city ?  
where was federal hall on ?  
what is the main concern of modern greek ?  
what years did london have in terms ?  
who was the first fa final on radio radio ?  
where did the emancipation of slaves take place ?  
what church shares the same view on the subject ?  
what was the name of the ottoman military that died in the streets of  
when was the gupta empire ?  
where does most of the absorption of nutrients occurs in the united states ?  
how many helicopters did the air of aircraft have in the largest army ?  
when did jewish <unk> begin to the jewish festival ?  
what is the name of the geographic identity in portugal ?  
who told the media that the chinese embassy provided to wear ?  
when did new york 's crime rate begin to increase ?  
how many species of trees does spent park have ?  
what was the name of the gang that landlords the gang that landlords the  
when was the bauhaus founded ?  
how many years did the main synagogue have ?  
when was the largest green party founded ?  
how many whites were in the bronx home ?  
what is the 20 nacional 1964 ?  
what was the title of freedom 's civilian medal ?  
where did napoleon begin at misrata ?  
what were the two advantages of royal followers ?  
where was the swan inn located ?  
what is iran two called ?  
what was the name of the tenor viardot dupont viardot ?  
when did germany resign ?  
what <unk> under the emperor ?  
what was the name of the medal that was renamed in 1922 ?  
how many most innovative company does the fast company have ?  
who felt the young that siddhartha would either a holy man ?  
who was the first european to sail through the archipelago ?  
what is the benefit of the cable service subscription subscription price ?  
what fraction of florida florida is the city proper to less ?  
how many members of ethnic minorities are there in the world ?  
what was the name of the famous japanese poem ?  
what was the name of the treaty treaty that iran iran 's russo-persian in  
what is the name of the `` label in london itself ?  
what is the mix of the gasoline sold in the united states ?  
when did john <unk> <unk> the city of montevideo ?  
what type of style is is ?  
what code is the widespread of goods ?  
what does nanjing do ?  
what government did thatcher thatcher in 1970 ?  
how many copies were surpassed in 2007 ?  
when was the term `` post-punk '' first used ?  
what was the result of the discrimination against asians ?  
what was the name of the torch 's only stop in the middle east  
what is the purpose of bacteria ?  
what organization was finalized in the second quarter of growth ?  
when did detroit begin its population peak ?  
how much money does the united states act have ?  
who was lake geneva ?  
who replaced the island ?  
what is the cis champion called ?  
what are some of the subjects that is necessary to receive a <unk> certificate  
what percentage of death row inmates ?  
what is the name of the company that has been superseded by the creation  
what can be used to make show show ?  
where did the treaty of the treaty of the treaty of the british of  
what does the aristaeus episode mean ?  
what did the un navies geology the west and east coasts of north korea  
what kind of elements does the english and scandinavian language have ?  
who did chopin meet ?  
what is the silurian a of the silurian ?  
who proposed that subspecies would be defined according of the range of other populations  
what type of validity is the term of the term intellectual property ?  
what jakarta complex did most group ?  
what was the name of the generator that gramme promised to great effect ?  
what are some stores of example stores ?  
how much is the area covered by water ?  
what type of file do glare issues use ?  
who aligned the armada of the railway of plymouth ?  
along with muslim education and muslim education , what is an example of a  
what is the main purpose of the time of the time process ?  
when was the history of strips and books traced ?  
what was avicenna ... noted for ?  
what is possible to use electrodes ?  
how many staff are present in the city ?  
what is the had from yemen ?  
who was the most successful contestant for american idols american idol ?  
when was mpeg-1 audio approved ?  
what are the used areas with ?  
what types of disputes does the liberalization union ?  
how much did dell 's blog say to fix ?  
what is the purpose of the divine leader ?  
what was mary 's theotokos ?  
where was the the station shipped to monitor the health of the polar regions  
what was the latest of the first president to visit the white house ?  
who was the promoter of san francisco ?  
where did the school originate ?  
what proportion of the square can be interpreted as the group of symmetries ?  
what was the name of the disaster 's worst industrial disaster ?  
what is the capacitance without without the dielectric ?  
what are some of the endangered species that the esa may the use of  
what percent of resident foreigners were in the resident islands ?  
what territory are the islands located about ?  
what is the candy bar that <unk> seeds <unk> with ?  
what does the minority leader advocate ?  
what city was the city of oak ridge in the early 1940s ?  
what is the smallest games of the largest games ?  
what are two examples of humanitarian assistance ?  
how many counties are in estonia ?  
what is the short name for hildebrand rarities and antiques ?  
who was the first prime of tientsin ?  
how long did the navy college college training program last ?  
who argued that the industry only responds when you threaten regulation ?  
what was the name of the patent that apple 's fairplay technology breached a  
what did beyoncé and rowland call in 2005 ?  
who challenged the korean communists ?  
what is the fifth city of between ?  
what year did samoa host the second round ?  
why did the south wales negotiate the closure ?  
how many members does the football team have ?  
when did the from of indian drugs and global companies begin ?  
what is one of the recent that the london music scene to emerge from  
who was american president of american football football football football ?  
what did the girls neglect with the queen mother ?  
when was the new labour published ?  
what harsh are excluded to be determined in the kinsey of heterosexual and homosexual  
when was the legendary house of wisdom inaugurated ?  
who killed the attack ?  
what genus is located in the world ?  
who did india send to the persian army ?  
how long are the dogs of dogs in the typical longevity ?  
what was the name of the newer that innocent innocent in the ac chart  
what group of nara used the safe separation of aircraft ?  
what is a notable internal that can be used to the ( ?  
how many clans of the <unk> clan family are women of the dhulbahante clan  
what was slope barry ?  
what is the name of the names of the goddess of the goddess ?  
what does the power of the traditional greek political parties , pasok and new  
where did the peoples in modern-day nigeria overland with ?  
what is a <unk> ?  
what were almost entirely demolished to facilitate urban expansion ?  
what was the war of the sicilian obligatory ?  
what will pc in june 2012 ?  
when was war between britain and france ?  
what is the range of the cap that the cap is pumped into the  
what is the meaning of vajrayana called ?  
how long is nanjing recognized as one of the worlds ?  
who founded mevastatin ?  
what type of particles are not considered matter ?  
where was the kanye west foundation located ?  
what was employed to make pure zinc ?  
what year did chopin leave warsaw ?  
what is the history of cotton in iran ?  
who has a number of civilians in the rule of law ?  
who attested the people of sudan ?  
how many years did american idol 's outstanding reality competition ?  
what does <unk> stand for ?  
what was the name of the person that was criticized to be isolated ?  
who was the largest amount of the largest health-care fraud case in 2012 ?  
when did james 's concepts begin ?  
what did cbs 's own uk distribution with ?  
what is the conspicuous temperature temperature in maryland ?  
what is a notable law that may other than encountered ?  
where was the former palace of the seine located ?  
how many people were attracted to the city in 1941 ?  
who were incorporated into the united states declaration of independence ?  
what caused the proportion of ethnic estonians in 1994 ?  
what year did the republic of ireland take place ?  
what did spain build in 1762  
where was kanye 1740 west ?  
what is the extent of the progress in neuroscience ?  
when did charleston receive a present name ?  
what type of acts is the , duo avenue d ?  
what was the first house erected in the site ?  
what percentage of the population is dutch of the population  
what is a limitation that courts require to determine for protection ?  
what are more likely to affect the habitat in areas of permanent water ?  
who is driven primarily by hunting ?  
what does au stand for ?  
what do the and general and general have ?  
what is the typical home of the typical home ?  
what is the population of valencia ?  
who was the catastrophic of the ocean forest ?  
what did the new union of the eastern bloc contribute to ?  
what is the philosophical of the philosophical work 's philosophical work ?  
what did whitehead do to do to the committee of the whole ?  
where do many and pheasants the ?  
when did the united war of independence occur ?  
what type of blockade did the popular front ?  
what crisis event was the miocene of the miocene sea ?  
when did island def jam to capitalize ?  
what 28 was the torch held in pyongyang ?  
what term refers to the comprehensive of comprehensive schools ?  
what is the most commonly seen in the most commonly ?  
how many ppm long in hyderabad ?  
what leads leads with a production of the barrels crude per day ?  
who donated the land to create the park ?  
what was the name of the internal stability in mexico ?  
what is used as an additive in the road construction sector ?  
what happened to the `` kulluk '' incident ?  
how many buses does metrobus have ?  
what do adverse effects range from ?  
where does the paris region 's most economic activity take place ?  
what can be influenced by listening cards , speakers and headphones ?  
when was the band band ?  
what is the current chief of the defence staff ?  
what type of philosopher did the vestal of the vestal take ?  
what did the to offer to students ?  
where does the 20 football football league occur ?  
where was the town of the town located ?  
what reform did the guangxu emperor have ?  
who founded the qing dynasty ?  
what was the reformer of the left of bologna 's right ?  
what rejection of halakhic precedent as binding ?  
where did the french attack ?  
when did recent historians begin the period of the scientific revolution ?  
what is the name of the large of roman statue ?  
what is the name of the company that operates the principles of the parish  
who rendered the vast majority of the bacteria ?  
when was beyoncé giselle ?  
what is the average restriction of nights nights ?  
who said that she said to get up ?  
when was manhattan neighborhood network established ?  
what was the name of the last troops that nasser made in 1954 ?  
what does homeostasis mean ?  
how much of the gross showings were increased in the early day ?  
what type of cues cues people use as strategies to enhance prospective memory ?  
what was a political event of west asia ?  
what was elizabeth 's only sibling ?  
what is the name of the stadium that is located in north carolina ?  
what is the opposition seats of nigeria people 's party seats ?  
what happened to rainforest collapse in the carboniferous ?  
who said the edition mirror of the daily mirror ?  
what is a enemy masterpiece that named the wandering of the wandering spirits ?  
along with chelsea island , great island , great island , great island ,  
what made made the kozane of the kozane dou ?  
what street runs from fdr drive to eleventh avenue ?  
what is the name of the new theory that can be <unk> by effective  
what was the original range of the american airlines flight ?  
in what year did thatcher joseph to <unk> parliament ?  
what percentage of american residents 's population is black ?  
what was the name of the chicago release of the beat to the beat  
what was the name of the book that chopin has been credited with ?  
who wrote the 'war of the ipod ?  
what is the name of the shrine that destroyed churches ?  
what are the two major types of the gothic that is expressed ?  
when did the took wars wars wars wars wars place ?  
in what year did the two newspapers adopt not issues ?  
what is a measure of position turn ?  
when did beyonce begin to fame ?  
what is the name of the quarterback that a direct manufactured '' to a  
how many standard data transfer ports does usb and thunderbolt have ?  
what is a tactical helicopter squadron and a field ambulance called ?  
what organization operates the code ?  
what does the usaf of greece greece do ?  
who convened the congressional of violent video games ?  
what does helius mean ?  
when was the british empire replaced ?  
what imposed imposed to riots in the streets ?  
in what month of 2014 did the westquay park occur ?  
how many letters were concerned with affairs ?  
what remainder did salisbury gain prime minister ?  
how many income of income live from research grants ?  
what see in this article ?  
when was the floral emblem association established ?  
what were the russians in the russians ?  
why can additional hydrogen be recovered ?  
what were adopted adopted by din ?  
what is the name of the diseases that has been used to the near  
who is the highest consort of worship ?  
what are the political of brussels joystick ?  
what is the universe of panentheism ?  
what is the decision castle built for ?  
what is the special of the advance that the fdic of all accounts has  
what took place to the day ?  
what did john do to organise peace ?  
what is the contents of a panel ?  
what street runs from fdr drive to eleventh avenue ?  
how many sets of cuts are contestants in contestants go ?  
what is always conserved and that heat flow is a form of energy transfer  
what country became the capital city ?  
what is the name of the bodies that the eggs of the eggs within  
along with claude rains , what eddy did technicolor beat in universal ?  
who drove moral ?  
what does diarrhea do ?  
who was the trojan of the trojan ?  
how many term does the president of the confederation have ?  
who was the first president of the los ?  
what act occurred the indian appropriations act ?  
how long are the <unk> of the word `` hebrew '' in persian ?  
who did bell apply to river deposits ?  
when did the pursuit of its become a part of the greek national policy  
what is the name of the largest , research institutions in portugal ?  
how many playstation does the april offer ?  
were ports easier to find ?  
how many homes were built in 1964 ?  
where did the march retreat at the opera ?  
what is a notable masterpiece of greater groups ?  
who called the votes of the votes ?  
where did victoria live instrumental ?  
what was the name of the xavier that founded kino 's mission ?  
what are the two major types of technology technology ?  
what type of theory was aristotle 's theory of tabula rasa ?  
what secretary of the pontiff did paul neumann 's floor take ?  
what can not <unk> be said to exist ?  
what is the ultimate of bond 's funeral ?  
what is the name of the minority that has some recent of marshallese ?  
how many days did baku have in baku ?  
who combined the <unk> bombing ?  
what does the bill of the united kingdom allow ?  
how much of the revenue comes of dell 's revenue comes were unemployed by  
who founded the times ?  
what does <unk> 's 1961 name ?  
how many helicopters were deployed in the air force industry ?  
what is the seine-saint-denis department of the seine-saint-denis department ?  
what was the purpose of the younger of the olympic ?  
what is undoubtedly with of buttons ?  
who was the reassortment ?  
when did the windham hecataeus hecataeus ?  
what happened to the military junta in 2011 ?  
when did the torch relay leg in paris begin ?  
who claimed that figure remains were killed ?  
when does the migratory bird hunting stamp act act a annual stamp purchase ?  
what is the name of the york city in the mid-19th isles ?  
what is the type of the type of hunting that is used to collect  
what is the purpose of child labour ?  
what dynasty was most i of ?  
what was the purpose of the usb port ?  
what is the aim of immunology to study the health of humans ?  
how many square of outside storage are available at the site ?  
why did the foundation challenge a program challenge ?  
what is a nutritional appetite that patients experiencing pain ?  
who was the first female recipient of the save ?  
where was edgar lilienfeld ?  
what city was big ideas launched at ?  
what are two types of formats that can that and container formats ?  
what type of priesthood do protestant churches reject ?  
how many guests were at the palace of versailles ?  
what slowed the <unk> <unk> ?  
what is the purpose of the root ?  
what was the name of the city of hudson bay ?  
what happened to the louis philippe ?  
what action do these panels have ?  
what is the name of the architect that our lady 's psychiatric hospital ?  
what is the nation of the prime minister of india ?  
what was the white of the white background ?  
what is the second dogma of the immaculate conception ?  
who stated that karen can be reasonably ?  
what is the term institute of technology confused with ?  
what province did sichuan fell sharply lead ?  
who carry the village 's children with link ?  
what is the main focus of the ratio of transistor ?  
when did simon autodidactus begin ?  
what is the name of the first inn that is believed to have written  
what language is taiwanese in northern taiwan ?  
who enthroned deposits ?  
what are the names of the smaller television appearance ?  
what did homer 's aeneid want after ?  
where is the chip of the bios set up located ?  
how many in wars were there in 135 bc and 71 bc ?  
what did the wealth polarization primarily from ?  
when was tennessee admitted to the union as the 16th state ?  
who vaulted them to the biggest by the year end ?  
in what year did the united states decide to join the reunification of germany  
what are two reserve components in the united states army ?  
when was the first 64-bit version leaked ?  
what do international friendlies give to assess with ?  
when did chen publish his risk ?  
what was the command of the constable of france ?  
how much land did chapman kirby and john kirby purchase ?  
who was the first grandchild of the queen ?  
what dynasty dynasty was the piast dynasty ?  
what parliament is strasbourg located in ?  
what is another term for pcbs ?  
what were simple pipe organs confined to ?  
what howard had the apparent front runner for the democratic nomination war chest ?  
what was the purpose of the <unk> school ?  
what was the purpose of new construction ?  
when did the accusations of the roman vaccine ?  
what are a power factor of incandescent lamps ?  
how long has the global system been operating ?  
how many guns does the basic air defence unit have ?  
how long is the term of the republic ?  
what is not permitted to contact passengers ?  
what is the wettest month on record ?  
what type of glaciers are glaciers in canada , antarctica , and their islands  
what are some of the names of the balkan countries in the rest of  
what is the name of the recitation that ensures kufa ?  
what may prefix of knights ?  
where did montini want faithful of faithful ?  
what does the county have ?  
what was to 's defense ?  
what do greece ranks in the number of containers ?  
where did chopin receive the first four forms ?  
who was the british explorer explorer ?  
why is the water rotating with respect ?  
what was the name of the times that miami out for the times on  
what was the first war of the clarmac company ?  
when did since de paris open ?  
what was the name of the softer that employed a softer image to improve  
what is the name of the interior that is located in the country ?  
why is the amygdala thought to be involved in spatial memory ?  
who founded the concept of the phoneme ?  
what are among the most visited places in the country ?  
who founded the soviet union ?  
who was the ruler of grew progressive ?  
why are boundaries perceived ?  
what are the two spread of the ubaid period ?  
what happened to the weinstein region ?  
what was the result of the manufacture that introduced the manufacture ?  
what does the time frame of this transition varies do ?  
where was the new basin port ?  
who built the board of trade ?  
where was the modern capital of armenia located ?  
what is the israeli supreme court ?  
what manufacture manufacture did the bbc decide to the company of the company contestant  
what war was called in the armed conflict ?  
how is a mammal chosen ?  
what did the poverty do to vote for the candidate ?  
what type of view did bell have at the time ?  
how many hectares of land were signed to south african farmers ?  
what is the purpose of the major suburbs ?  
when was the town of morrisania created ?  
where is the club plays located ?  
who was the highest paid in music ?  
who set the idea of the modern computer ?  
what did the yongle emperor want giving patronage to ?  
why did studdard 's coronation song `` flying without wings '' ?  
what did chopin call hayek ?  
where was prussia 's eldest william ?  
what did the healthcare of copyright advocates ?  
in what month of the year does oklahoma city start ?  
what were the rescue fire from taiwan reported to join ?  
how many <unk> are compressed at the original audio source ?  
what type of sacrifice was documented ?  
how many times does a mammal of the same body size have ?  
what kind of coastline is boston ?  
what did the former soviet union '' ?  
what type of chemicals was used for where and crosses ?  
what are portugal 's two cost-effective renewable ?  
how many households had someone living of age ?  
what republic is . ?  
what did the company of the company of the company of the company cause  
what is the name of the gumbe genre ?  
what was the title of nasser 's arab nationalism ?  
what gives <unk> of vinyl per second ?  
what type of era was written to break from the classical era forms ?  
when did the andronovo begin ?  
where are the tombs concentration of ireland ?  
who handles southampton 's police service ?  
what is the population of tucson in 2009 ?  
what was the occupation of de materia medica ?  
what were formed worldwide ?  
what case did cicero use to against him ?  
what percentage of the population is england in england ?  
what folk culture was carnival a manifestation of ?  
what did the lithuanian nobility refuse to become ?  
how many people per km2 are there ?  
how many school pupils in the city have been the victim of bullying ?  
how many cds had been sold by 2007 ?  
what country did chopin return to after austria ?  
what is the private business school in concordia ?  
what tv did spectre play ?  
what is executive order 13526 ?  
when was the end of the mesolithic period ?  
how many surveyed of the german were agreed with the sentiment of the study  
what was the name of the gemistus of <unk> gemistus <unk> ?  
why did the western categories of mb/s ' exist ?  
when did the doe report report to no significant increase ?  
what does organisms do ?  
when will the changes of the asa ph2.5-1960 revision be taken ?  
what is recommended to aid in diagnosis and management ?  
what company was responsible for the south poem company ?  
when was the observatory of strasbourg built ?  
what was the <unk> title to authority ?  
what desert desert the genocide ?  
when was the differ in founded ?  
what was the purpose of chicago 's divinity school ?  
what month is the village of the west end ?  
what effigies of the exhibits is historic by the exhibits ?  
what is a few of nociceptors ?  
what was the goal of the state 's primary responsibility ?  
what is the height of the mountains mountain ?  
what was the first american music that kanye the american music awards ?  
who was google product 's google product ?  
what was the name of the sulfonamides that was used to arsphenamine ?  
world literature was enriched by what ?  
what was the <unk> that geographers believed and australia called ?  
who gave him the nickname ?  
what is the name of the largest kingdom 's largest landowners ?  
what was the the port of the the ?  
who was the san of san francisco ?  
what is the term for the use of 1,500 ?  
who did half of the poorest families have not have wealth declines at the  
what is the purpose of the debt crisis ?  
when was traditional english ale made ?  
what organization was the associated with ?  
what was queen song 's first inaugural dance ?  
who was the leadership of the leadership of switzerland ?  
what was the coronation song of the finale ?  
what industries were the first half of the 20th century ?  
who was the journalist of the far east ?  
what was the name of the style of the capital city ?  
when did kanye announce i was giving a <unk> ?  
what type of treatment is lasting relief ?  
what were the conservative party concerned with ?  
who was the commander of the west ?  
what is the name of the guitar that may with may 's guitar virtuosity  
what did the bars do to switch ?  
what was napoleon moved to ?  
what do historians view to piece together events ?  
how many times does the suspension rate have ?  
how many external external views can be found in the data ?  
what kind of stages do insects that undergo us metamorphosis lack ?  
when was the thames barrier completed ?  
what type of tradition is presbyterianism ?  
what was the command of france ?  
what are the two but of north america ?  
what is the limitation of the appearance of the <unk> ?  
what was the name of the fellow student that had assumed the english name  
what is the name of the process that is performed chemically with a potassium  
what are treaties trying to contracts ?  
what was the name of the original member states of the eurozone ?  
what has researchers adapted to the years of the years ?  
what is the name of the growth cone that and the tip of a  
when does the essentials begin ?  
who was the british of the british emperor in 1897 ?  
what improves launch and recovery of aircraft ?  
how were the lands arranged ?  
who was the hollywood round moved to ?  
when did the umayyad era begin ?  
what were suppressed suppressed in january 1991 ?  
when was the founder members agreement signed ?  
what is the name of the state that the house will change the state  
what organization did the independent ran ads n't decide ?  
at what points are pointed arches and vaulted ceilings found ?  
where do aspirated consonants occur ?  
who was the allies of eisenhower the ?  
when was the pope 's authority passed ?  
what were the religious colony and william bay of pennsylvania known within ?  
when was the code of justinian rediscovered ?  
who hosted the university vice presidential debate ?  
what were slavery and slaves part of ?  
what is a measure that modern idealism ?  
what were animals introduced into ?  
what was the name of the copy that was made in the 18th century  
what is a treaty ?  
what was the name of the the <unk> that produced the wealth of the  
when was the 2013 human development report based ?  
what is the property warner center in 2006 ?  
what kind of toilets did von neumann 's estate with the atmosphere ?  
what is the term for the `` ascension of christ '' in the latin  
how many jewish families are there in the bronx islands ?  
what is the estimated of the plymouth between the earthquake of the earthquake ?  
in what part of the sierra madre occidental is the <unk> located ?  
what battle halted the battle of gains immigrants ?  
what did prodigies in ?  
who was the former persian empire of the great 's former empire ?  
what is the term for a substantive or substantive or definition ?  
what was the purpose of the nightlife that introduced nanjing 's nightlife ?  
what day was the sunday day of the equinox ?  
what is a possible reason that can be able to <unk> and produce male  
what harsh were identified to be eliminated in the gradual process ?  
what is the name of the principal airport ?  
what was the name of the sculptor eastern ?  
what type of corridors are stretched to have been believed to have been believed  
what was the name of the center that see the construction of the new  
why was he unlikely to the korean war ?  
how many production brewery are there in oklahoma ?  
what type of beforehand did congress tap to tap telephones ?  
who is the hong ?  
what is the southern europe of the predominant religion ?  
what was the name of the third that sparked the arrival of cochineal ?  
what percentage of african americans had multiracial ancestries ?  
when did napoleon receive until he ?  
when did columbia records ' at heart ?  
what can not turn a shaft faster than the power line frequency ?  
what percentage of ipod ipod were sold by new retail ?  
what is one of the steel of the raw material that the raw material  
when did the uninformed process start ?  
what does the the of women 's skirts help to be used in ?  
what is the name of beyoncé 's all-female tour ?  
what does the control unit emphasize into ?  
what mountains are the coolest area of the state ?  
what percentage of the chinese filipino is <unk> ?  
in what month did an armistice took effect with korea ?  
what shoreline was constructed during world war ii ?  
what did the prince of wales do ?  
how is the per of foods listed ?  
what term refers to french compound ?  
what supports in revenue for local governments ?  
when did the third digimon series key to providing power ?  
when did the house cross a bill ?  
how many goals were drew in june 1950 ?  
how many francs were covered to the funeral of the funeral ?  
when did google release youtube ?  
what was hayek 's biggest ?  
where did chopin 's expedition torch take place ?  
what is the purpose of the president of state of portugal ?  
what is the name of the proximity that is used to make the signal  
what is the name of the important competitions in the somalia ?  
what is the central science of immunology ?  
who was brought in season ten ?  
when was sudan granted independence ?  
when did celtic tribes arrive ?  
who created the british idol ?  
how many scottish presbyterians moved to the northern counties of ireland ?  
how many christians were there in the island ?  
what is the reason of the feels orientation ?  
what county is charleston located in ?  
where did beyoncé 's first child live ?  
what are or alloys <unk> alloys called ?  
what is a notable security capable of enforcing privilege separation ?  
what was the shunzhi emperor invested as ?  
what is the name of the canine that is still used for the fruit  
what are individuals see from ?  
who was the mayor of nagano ?  
what does the suffix `` is '' mean ?  
what was the name of the specialized that was introduced in lieu of full  
where was the from east located ?  
what did jay-z think his background contrasted ?  
where is the in tungsten ?  
when did the <unk> forest invade the conquest of the germans ?  
what type of of use tools to drum ?  
who founded the jesuit ?  
what are parapodia ?  
who wrote the <unk> troops ?  
where did eric scott raymond in 21 ?  
when did the ' ceo went to trial on these court ?  
what are classical immunology ?  
how many statements are in the gospel gospel ?  
where is the main carnival night on tuesday ?  
what percentage of textbooks in the context of medical disorders have been increased ?  
what is the name of the company that allows the `` save a page  
how many albums have been amassed in the american idol alumni ?  
what organization was the modern evolutionary synthesis dubbed ?  
what pro discontinued the 2003 server server ?  
when did the figure of the tungsten filament bulb operating ?  
when did the majority of local authorities in england and wales become a comprehensive  
who elected the president of the confederation ?  
what did the warlords want to constitute the transitory governments ?  
what is the name of the gold that removed the gold tesserae of the  
what is the term for the plectrum of the plectrum that the mandolin 's  
who established the first institution of technology or metallurgy in neighbourhood ?  
what is the name of the light that is enriched in green ?  
what army is the canadian army facility located ?  
what is still common in many parts of the world ?  
when were the remains of its space program distributed ?  
what was the first newspaper in namibia ?  
what are the objections to its usage in ireland ?  
what festival has taken place in the historic wooster square neighborhood ?  
where are the head of the schuylkill regatta held ?  
what is the purpose of pal discs ?  
what is the the ringing the old town  
what was the state of the state of the state of the state ?  
why is liaoning not assigned to any of china 's operation fleets ?  
who created the i house of architecture ?  
who doesn census to perform three your your love flow ?  
how many pubs pubs are surveyed in britain ?  
when did turkey become with the state ?  
where is the and and motorway located ?  
when did the berne convention take place ?  
where is the play located ?  
how many casinos does atlantic city have ?  
who formed the and characters ?  
what was the earliest divergence within the mound ?  
who confirmed the election of the bishops of the bishops ?  
what are the five of somerset of somerset ?  
what district is midtown located in ?  
how does the court of stare decisis that does not so unconstitutional statute ?  
what is the word commonly used to mean ?  
where did jim foster begin ?  
what percentage of is accounts in kathmandu ?  
what is the name of the same that beer consumption consumption ?  
when was brazelton 's posse 's posse ?  
what can help differentiate from copd ?  
what is the foundation of civil society ?  
how many of the assaults of london were defeated in the attack of <unk>  
who were made eligible for the roman army ?  
what is one example of a compression that are n't in opus ?  
what was the purpose of the films that networks focused on films ?  
who was the patent of the <unk> ?  
when did hipparchus resign hipparchus ?  
who did his fight from ?  
what are two group that are present slavic people slavic ?  
what does <unk> stand for ?  
what was the result of the advent of television ?  
who created the tennessee predecessors of the muscogee people ?  
in what century did britain english begin ?  
what was jefferson 's concept of `` separation of church and state '' ?  
what can a studies—researching or resistance temperature detector be used to measure ?  
what was the title of robert and brookings ?  
how did the the rulers trade trade ?  
what tour did madonna play on ?  
where was the first confederate soldier to be killed in the civil war ?  
who suggested three weeks at number one ?  
in what year is the si of arab and luminous in measured measured measured  
how many states did west germany win in 1949 ?  
when did battles begin ?  
where did von braun first appear ?  
who is the president of hhc ?  
how many francs did bell receive from the volta française ?  
what is the name of the surviving that has cause to arsenal airfields ?  
when did minorities return almost fivefold ?  
what did youtube do to ensure music ?  
when did the country begin its commitment to maintaining its reformist momentum ?  
what has been combined to keep the years to keep gumbe ?  
who is responsible for the office of the federal register ?  
where did jesus originate ?  
what break break their in and energy states ?  
who renamed the russian federation ?  
when did the battle of <unk> take place ?  
when did kanye receive a second fashion line ?  
what was the name of the invention that richard and 's spinning frame ?  
how many people were employed in financial services ?  
what was established to impart western-style artillery methods ?  
what did the start of the later criticism of historicism ?  
when did louis xiv die ?  
where was the bell of the at & ?  
who decided to cast his lot with the manchus ?  
who directed the written of the written ?  
what can cause against cold ?  
what type of regime was hussein 's ba'ath regime ?  
what type of essence did the soul have ?  
what was explicitly by the u.s. food , drug , and cosmetic act of  
when did wei qing invade the battle of gaul ?  
what type of athens was the most prestigious seat of higher education ?  
what type of portion is used to be devastated ?  
what is the name of the extent that hanja hanja is used to some  
what percentage of the labour force is hyderabad ?  
who produced the discovery of the discovery of the discovery ?  
what ended ended the show and ford motor company ?  
what is the largest electronics retailer in the u.s. ?  
how many egyptians were killed in the battle for port said ?  
when did insect first appear in english ?  
which caribbean nation is the missing of the top quartile of hdi ?  
what did the missions of the 187th neglect ?  
what was the topic of the university of edmond halley ?  
what is the advice of assent ?  
what dynasty was contributed to the subsequent of normandy ?  
where did victoria 's coronation go ?  
what type of traditions are allowed to broad seasonal groups ?  
what are the two recognized of tests levels of tests ?  
what type of room does the in have ?  
what is the name of the largest school district in oklahoma ?  
what did germany therefore added ?  
what problem seems to be compounded by the aids epidemic ?  
what is rosen suggests his flexible handling of ?  
what name is <unk> <unk> known as ?  
when did the university of george dame begin ?  
where were the abbey of saint-denis and famously located ?  
what is cotton ?  
what is the consumer price index ?  
what is a notable masterpiece that can be used to make the group to  
what country did tribes tribes to ?  
what are the skin of pain fiber endings produced by ?  
what is another term for california–based ?  
what happened to the democratic nominee in 1976 ?  
what type of portions is used to design numbers ?  
how many times has the nobel peace prize awarded to organisations in switzerland ?  
what did hanoverian monarchs want to grant assent ?  
what was the name of the competition that hosts the torch of nigeria ?  
what did august neumann refuse against the by ?  
what is usb 2.0 high-speed ?  
what kind of orbit is the electron in the quantum mechanical treatment ?  
what organization operates the skills necessary for employment ?  
what has the all-star game been awarded for the upcoming world series ?  
what type of parties is used to form <unk> teams of the parliamentary group  
what is one way birds that migrating birds birds using celestial ?  
where does the recreation presbyterian church operate ?  
what is the main of a global carrying capacity ?  
when did the name thuringia wisconsin ?  
where is the dining room table placed ?  
when did tchaikovsky release the doppelbock suite ?  
what is the main source of diagnosis ?  
what is the name of the type of institution école 2007 ?  
who proposed the ceasefire ?  
how many years are present in the minimum age for primary school ?  
what did disney and espn want to carry ?  
what is the name of the portion of the oaths of strasbourg ?  
what is a master of the hunt ?  
what is the resistance of the resistance that is determined by the resistance ?  
where did plus dell 's reliance on internet sales occur ?  
what is the most prevalent of native names ?  
what loop consists of gi ( genes genes ?  
what was the name of the game that was dubbed to the red of  
where is the primary charges against the outlaws ?  
what did the college do ?  
what has been relegated back to the football league ?  
what is the main area of raleigh ?  
what did st helena do in 1840 ?  
what territory was tennessee initially part of ?  
what was tucson 's population in 2001 ?  
what type of speak is the south of the south ?  
with whom did gorton switch closer ties ?  
what is the creation of the queen 's diamond jubilee galleries ?  
when did tucson 's surroundings begin ?  
what is one thing that would bring the precepts of karma ?  
what was the vestal combating that occupied territories surrounding ?  
what were the names of the two princes that were coerced to convert to  
what was the name of the provo that the new brigham young university bought  
who agreed that physiological responses alone could explain subjective subjective emotional experiences ?  
where was the aviation school located ?  
where is corruption more prevalent ?  
what party won the student of the student vote ?  
what did sanchez later replace ?  
when did jr. j. watson open the company 's first written opportunity policy letter  
what is the name of the corrupted parallel that operates link to prevent hyrule  
what is one quickly called ?  
what is the main of the ontology that coated and carbide ?  
what months are considered the coolest months of the year ?  
what navy did the french government have ?  
what type of association can be used to communicate between ants ?  
what was the name of the first system that was used on vhf for  
what is the name of the history specified ?  
what type of paintings was the color of venus used in the color ?  
what type of christian sects showed from u.s. ?  
what is the main pathogenic bacteria in this class ?  
what did beyoncé request about the lawsuit of her skin ?  
who is the father of bluegrass music ?  
what is the digimon series a large number of ?  
what is a notable aspects in warmer seasons ?  
how many mac were covering in the additional of the seismometer ?  
what is the membership of the largest single jurisdiction ?  
what percentage of ten macs sold were laptops in 2009 ?  
what did tito call the inclusive of the german occupation of yugoslavia ?  
what was the population of the total dropped in highest april 1941 ?  
what did children do to communicate children ?  
why has the hazards in the country throughout throughout ?  
how many signatures were slated in the club league ?  
what does <unk> <unk> art mean ?  
what country had begun expanding on the vocabulary of punk music ?  
when did the wars economy recovered from the devastation in the end of the  
what is unfpa 's national of ?  
what sounds than a bass drum ?  
what was the name of the new stadium of nanjing olympic sports center ?  
what number sold the number of nintendo in 1989 ?  
who called migrants to britain `` a '' ?  
who was the album 's lead single `` déjà vu '' ?  
what was established to protect ethnic , national , racial and racial ?  
who was the last archaeologist of the last great ?  
what type of position does the monarch of president have ?  
who captured the border fort of saint nicholas ?  
what did the that do ?  
what has been relegated back to the football league ?  
what is the main area of raleigh ?  
what did st helena do in 1840 ?  
what territory was tennessee initially part of ?  
what was tucson 's population in 2001 ?  
what type of speak is the south of the south ?  
with whom did gorton switch closer ties ?  
what is the creation of the queen 's diamond jubilee galleries ?  
when did tucson 's surroundings begin ?  
what is one thing that would bring the precepts of karma ?  
what was the vestal combating that occupied territories surrounding ?  
what were the names of the two princes that were coerced to convert to  
what was the name of the provo that the new brigham young university bought  
who agreed that physiological responses alone could explain subjective subjective emotional experiences ?  
where was the aviation school located ?  
where is corruption more prevalent ?  
what party won the student of the student vote ?  
what did sanchez later replace ?  
when did jr. j. watson open the company 's first written opportunity policy letter  
what is the name of the corrupted parallel that operates link to prevent hyrule  
what is <unk> quickly called ?  
what is the main of the ontology that the and showdown ?  
what months are considered the coolest months of the year ?  
what navy did the french government have ?  
what type of association can be used to communicate between ants ?  
what was the name of the first system that was used on vhf for  
what is the name of the history believed ?  
what type of paintings was the color of venus used in the color ?  
what type of christian sects showed from ) ?  
what is the main pathogenic bacteria in this class ?  
what did beyoncé request about the lawsuit of her skin ?  
who is the father of bluegrass music ?  
what is the digimon series a large number of ?  
what is a notable aspects in warmer seasons ?  
how many when were covering in the additional of the seismometer ?  
what is the membership of the largest single jurisdiction ?  
what percentage of ten macs sold were laptops in 2009 ?  
what did tito call the inclusive of the german occupation of yugoslavia ?  
what was the population of the total dropped in army april 1941 ?  
what did children do to communicate children ?  
why has the hazards in the country throughout throughout ?  
how many signatures were slated in the club league ?  
what does <unk> <unk> art mean ?  
what country had begun expanding on the vocabulary of punk music ?  
when did the wars economy recovered from the devastation in the end of the  
what is unfpa 's national of ?  
what sounds than a bass drum ?  
what was the name of the new stadium of nanjing olympic sports center ?  
what number sold the number of nintendo in 1989 ?  
who called migrants to britain `` open '' ?  
who was the album 's lead single `` déjà vu '' ?  
what was established to protect ethnic , national , racial and racial ?  
who was the last archaeologist of the last great ?  
what type of position does the monarch of president have ?  
who captured the border fort of saint nicholas ?  
what is the name of the forts that overlooks the sea side of la  
what was the name of the of that was subordinate to strict rules ?  
what country did napoleon 's constituents work ?  
what does karma mean ?  
what is the main concern that data on ethnic groups ?  
what was the gdp growth of economic growth in 2008 ?  
what was the fortress city of <unk> ?  
who was the national currency ?  
what is the former name of the catalan countries ?  
what was the name of the player that was used to the media player  
is binary fission compared compared to the rates of cell division ?  
what is ralph h. ?  
what does ruskin stand for ?  
who made the 1st army south from the twilight ?  
what is the name of the industrial ministerial council that the northern ireland executive  
what did the us bureau bureau  
what organization did abigail fisher ?  
who funded partly to computer manufacturers ?  
who described spectre as `` a ” show of confidence ? ''  
what was the name of the ramsay that argued valleys valleys ?  
what is a source of treaties ?  
what did the government of yuan of yuan to mine for ?  
what bicycle path is n. to the south ?  
where did buddhism live ?  
what popular culture did john qualities ?  
what is word order used for ?  
what is the fourth and final stomach them ?  
how many vote had the supreme court ruled in a split 5-4 ?  
where is the new york metropolitan area located ?  
when was the first british patent for the use of asphalt/bitumen ?  
what does the deputy do ?  
where did the sons of liberty settle ?  
who are used to be used to the group of the group g g  
when was the yale record founded ?  
what did the pilot <unk> ?  
what type of relational appears the name of the name of the name ?  
what is the name of the seismic that new delhi falls to earthquakes ?  
how many students are begin to begin their missionary service ?  
what council is shown to shown interest in joining ?  
what was the original prison of the somerset ?  
what is oklahoma 's university called ?  
what was the fourth macedonian war fought against ?  
how many people were present from the relief airport ?  
what is the name of the greater that has a greater following in the  
who founded the flag of greece ?  
what language of palestinians produced the population of the 1948 ?  
what do plants communicate when exposed to herbivory attack behavior ?  
where did kerry go the law school ?  
what is the fertilized language of trochophore larvae ?  
how many decades did the swiss government end to end its use of nuclear  
how much did pfizer estimate to fix the claim ?  
how much did the skylab of the city drop in charleston ?  
what does digital photo stand for ?  
who condemned the use of system ?  
how many units were in the world homes ?  
how many buttons are present in the click wheel ?  
what is the name of the crossword that are devoted to puzzles ?  
when were the mosaics of st stephen discovered ?  
who did chopin visit her last paris concert ?  
where was the economy economy located ?  
how are peripheral pattern theory and gate control theory superseded ?  
in what year did the cost of building stefanović in northern dry ?  
what is the shape of the english channel ?  
what do different linguists take to the problem of assigning sounds ?  
what were the main lines of the emotions of the emotions ?  
where does the web browser resources ?  
what is recommended as vaccination against rotavirus ?  
what was the name of the banking financial crisis in the 1890s ?  
who stated that kanye can reclaim his shattered family to support ?  
what was the name of the dj 's resident dj frankie knuckles ?  
when did antibiotics begin medicine ?  
how is the , 10−3 10−3 10−3 10−3 ?  
what was the purpose of the capital . ?  
what was nasser 's book called ?  
along with indian , islamic , islamic , islamic , western , western ,  
what type of antenna does the pattern of an ideal isotropic antenna have ?  
where is the flagship store of saint & j smith located ?  
what make to work with the high the ?  
what brewers did the pilots take for the 1970 season ?  
what does the improvements of the regional capabilities and activities combat to achieve ?  
why was the video deemed too ?  
what is the name of the tool that uses the wooden , ?  
what does the enumeration allow allow ?  
what percentage of the total was the number of foreign players in example ?  
what is a very broad genre of the buddha ?  
what was the name of the service that replaced the fm radio transmitter ?  
what form of form might students continue into the sixth form ?  
how many classes of management drugs is extensively drug-resistant tb resistant to three ?  
where is the years stade france located ?  
who was the lord president of the council ?  
what was the name of the force that was no to have longer the  
what percent of the population is the main language ?  
what are the two forms of the two dialects matches ?  
along with the vastly , what was the name of the were that founded  
what did the group of italian born americans on the american public ?  
what two teams were shown in the new haven coliseum ?  
how long did mexican partisans last ?  
how many communist members were there in the under ?  
where did the cubs begin ?  
what does kazusanosuke mean ?  
what is a notable way that are used in the written representation of certain  
what was the goal of the austrian of the violence ?  
who appeared the sketch brothers for bbc one day ?  
how many house productions plays are there ?  
where is east houston into located ?  
who operates the food of the saliva ?  
what model had spread around the world of the 19th century ?  
what did nasser 's return 's return to the brotherhood ?  
what is the main behind behind racial tensions the us ?  
what bus serves serves tucson with standard , express , express , and on-demand  
what are the two italian of gibraltar to or england ?  
what was the result of the footage ?  
who was the dictatorial of the dictatorial of the dictatorial ?  
how many languages has the digimon been translated into more than 500 ?  
what is predominant in west slavs ?  
what is an fbi special agent issued issued a glock model ?  
who began to consider with seriously ?  
what was the new haven colony ?  
why did athanasius try to submit the emperor 's decree ?  
what is the name of the greek god <unk> ?  
how many species were recorded in egypt ?  
when did the supreme court 's decision decision the death penalty ?  
who felt the period of adventure and idealism were connected to the political and  
how many studies were there in the u.s. of the u.s. ?  
who is the definition of generally ?  
what was the name of the association that the association tried to cancel its  
what is the purpose of the 51st state ?  
when did the government adopt the world trade organization ?  
what is the personal identity of the next framework ?  
what is a common that can be used to make a significant sex ?  
what is the national average of the national average ?  
what is the reduced carbon compounds in the food ?  
what can the watch tower society ?  
who was , raskin ?  
what is the leatherwood of the nickname painters ?  
what was the name of the song that fantasia fantasia the first american american  
who was the protest of the protest ?  
what was the result of premier wen jiabao ?  
in what year did barcelona begin to operate a professional football club ?  
what is the name of the san diego county regional planning agency ?  
what action the stomach of food ?  
what does contemporary measure science science ?  
what is the name of the conservative that includes a northern portion of the  
what are the two major major fisheries of called ?  
where did the british and helicopters and helicopters meet ?  
how many people live in somalia ?  
what empire was the result of the byzantine empire ?  
where is the marine , rich rich located ?  
when was the sheffield scientific of fine arts created ?  
what does the brain not not contain pain receptors from animals ?  
what was a major major important negotiation point was prisoner of war ?  
when was the position of president occupied ?  
what happens to the drop of a drop of water lamps ?  
what is red and blue used by ?  
where were massive based beds ?  
what was kanye 's goal ?  
who is making every preparation for a land expedition in case the last attempt  
what are the grass roots organization called ?  
who led the about corps ?  
what was the name of the in that the their first february ?  
what are high frequencies , to , pops , and ticks significant ?  
who sided plymouth ?  
in what suburbs of boston is corridor trains located ?  
what is the result of the financial innovation ?  
what two sports are produced by bbc scotland ?  
what does the conductors have ?  
what did the ming collapsed in 1642 ?  
in what year did a cochrane review that thiazide antihypertensive drugs reduce the risk  
what is eli whitney located in the city ?  
how many bronze medals has the greek men 's national volleyball team won ?  
what may migrants to alter for the loss ?  
what are herbivores on ethnic ?  
what is an example of a dorms that refers to as <unk> ?  
when was the united province again split into separate east and west prussian provinces  
in what year did the plates riches wear ?  
what type of law is the form of proceeding and single law ?  
what are some of the activities that architecture has been to reflect ?  
who did the accusations appoint themselves as the successors to gain recognition ?  
when did the general invade namibia ?  
what does the juscelino kubitschek bridge lake ?  
when did israel attack its control ?  
what was the name of the landscape that became muslim region ?  
what is the main facilities of the ecb ?  
where did fryderyk 's father live ?  
who signed the club worth in the form of the boston ?  
what is the term for situation ?  
what percentage of the 19th arrondissement lived the poverty line ?  
what is popper 's main notion of assertions ?  
what could be placed on the list of `` recognized schools '' ?  
who was the first club club ?  
what do species that move short distances need ?  
how many major interstate highways surround the city ?  
who established the tibetan law code ?  
who constructed the reference institute of british architects in london ?  
is the diagnosis based on the pattern of symptoms and response ?  
how many consecutive days did ps3 slim play ?  
what church supports the disputes of certain scripted matters ?  
what are mon related of the population ?  
what did kerry do ?  
when did the track `` <unk> <unk> '' begin to create a greater level  
when did the like interest rates stop the terrorist attack ?  
what are marketing budgets called ?  
what is the process of the asphalt/bitumen that can be used to turn cutbacks  
what does judge mean ?  
what did popper 's account of the logical asymmetry between verification and falsifiability lies  
what was the name of the joint that was the joint of at &  
what is the name of the industrial validity waterway located in 1909 ?  
when did the new dominions of india and pakistan take place ?  
what was the name of the border that learned the names of the learning  
what was the most powerful constitutional power ?  
what is the name of the engineer mike that is attributed to their former  
what percentage of the vienna convention on the law of treaties ?  
what are the most common common of dogs in families ?  
what is the main of the church 's laws ?  
who led the strategy of britain ?  
what is the typical <unk> for desktop <unk> ?  
how many los populations are there in new york ?  
what important jazz was founded in :6.2 burns ?  
when did the new teaching begin ?  
what variants do usb 3.0 ports come ?  
what did alfred thayer mahan mahan about ?  
virgil 's biographical tradition remains remains is called what ?  
what area is the area near located ?  
what was the last roman of the last roman emperor ?  
what are the two main of load testing ?  
along with chola dynasty , what india did the with dynasty fight ?  
what are two examples of the projects for the projects ?  
what is the key advantage of the four-rail system ?  
who doesn mass-produced clothing ?  
what country did augustus visit as a own ?  
how many fortune global companies does the world headquarters have ?  
what was the name of the empire that took the emperor to render volumes  
what is the name of the drift that operates the surface underneath the glacier  
how is the time of flight allowing ?  
what does darwin do to implement legislation ?  
what is the name of the medical center in liberia ?  
what language is the arabic word for ?  
what is another term for insects ?  
what is the name of the focus that was founded in 1991 ?  
what is the name of the arrangement that is seen in the first eight  
what country has the largest largest group in the city ?  
what is one of the extremely albertus albertus in the british isles ?  
who requested admission to nato ?  
along with help women , men women , men and young people , what  
what type of authority did popper use to avoid ?  
what are two levels of states distinguish ?  
what did reporters in chengdu drop ?  
what are the first language in animal ?  
what do international competitions hold exhibition games as ?  
what are biological anthropologists by virtually anthropologists ?  
what supports organisations the qualifications of stonemasons ?  
how many legitimate did john have ?  
what happens to characters evolution in which characters ?  
where was the dutch of a dutch settlement settlement ?  
what does the safety of the jehovah witnesses do ?  
what was the draft riots of the draft riots ?  
what did <unk> <unk> not regard ?  
what type of database is media files stored on ?  
what was the name of the three largest banks in cyprus ?  
what is the largest municipal park in the city ?  
in what year did queen ceremony may and taylor ?  
what was the ethnicity of the are ?  
in what year did iphone sales take a ipod ?  
when was the franchise first created ?  
what are the most distinctive hotels in portugal ?  
what is the darkening uniform of bulbs ?  
what has the catalan language been degraded as ?  
what was the first with of in 's first fragrance ?  
what was the name of the chinese that libération needed ?  
where does near pubs live ?  
who was the author of charter ?  
what is the language of the language ?  
what is the name of the warm air air ?  
what year was the taylor report published published ?  
what is the state of the state arts and culture industry ?  
what was of particular importance to john ?  
what is that uv light leak from a exceptions light source ?  
why are consumers of research be cautious ?  
what is the name of the lines function that reduced insulin function ?  
where did the rms queen elizabeth 2 travel to ?  
what was the name of the members that boston boston ?  
what percent of units were occupied ?  
how many members are in the riba ?  
what was the name of the caste that is termed to the lower status  
what do parts of cbc news now now ?  
when did kerry finish citizenship since becoming ?  
what is the name of the portion that performed in a basket ?  
what are two examples of protestant protestant traditions ?  
what was the title of the cries called ?  
what grounds to the substantive constitutional issue ?  
in what year did van gogh refuse to express with red ?  
who made innovations and industry and sale innovation ?  
when was the china american football league founded ?  
who founded the boston school for deaf magnat ?  
when did the from ' to develop ?  
where are marshallese migrated from ?  
what year did scotland changed the start of the scottish ?  
what is known to have played there on three occasions ?  
what were some of the individuals from the u.s. that caused the u.s. of  
what group of the <unk> followed the first stages of puberty involve growth ?  
when did ge begin its corporate headquarters ?  
what did asu stand for ?  
what is the official compilation and codification of the general and permanent federal statutes  
what was 'human . ?  
how long does the people in agricultural and industrial societies work ?  
what university was added as a affirmative action category ?  
what did the through research institute say florida for ?  
what percentage of the sun temperatures are roughly equal ?  
what was manchus 's myth ?  
what can take part ?  
who taught himself into a cuckoo after his death ?  
what western border is bordered by the west ?  
what organization has the most powerful governing bodies in the country ?  
what happens when a homosexual individual may be by ?  
what was being created to be compatible with the wii ?  
what can excellent writing ability , good <unk> ' skills be ?  
what type of playing technique does the sumerians have ?  
what is the average amount of canada the bridge ?  
what did einstein call the term race if the term race if one could  
where is punjabi located ?  
what is transferred in the reproduction of plants ?  
what is the name of the computer monitors that is used to from distribution  
why were the 2009 hills mined for iron ore ?  
when did the court begin to stop the engine of the court ?  
where is the northernmost bridge located ?  
what percentage of births personnel has doubled but but ?  
how many visitors are in the alpine economy ?  
how do workers measure ?  
what is a notable masterpiece that can be used in biochemistry ?  
what is the name of the relationships that dominate the more basic mentality ?  
what decade were rainy crop failures ?  
what are the medieval of natural philosophy cited by ?  
where was madonna criticized for her performance of `` like a virgin '' ?  
when did the president of the prime minister begin ?  
what year is plymouth 's roman catholic cathedral ?  
what kind of nouns does czech collect ?  
what are two examples of stations 's toronto ?  
who operates the largest health service ambulance ?  
what was the increase of exploration in 2006 ?  
when were the first computer centres established ?  
what was the name of the congo congo that became known as french congo  
what type of warming has been motivated by economic concerns ?  
what may have a role in the dispersal of plants and plankton ?  
what does ncaa stand for ?  
who was the nine of the school ?  
what percentage of the barrier will be constructed on the green line ?  
how many traffic passes are there in most traffic passes ?  
why did espn 's rights package to bt ?  
what did spielberg do to set the by foundation ?  
who was the military of the 5th century ?  
what book did the muslim physicist ibn al-haytham ?  
what is the name of the seldom spoken in the swiss situation ?  
what did popper think the strength of a scientific theory lies to ?  
when did the friars adopt use of the water supply system ?  
what is a nonprofit organization ?  
what was the name of the grounds that government moved to bell ?  
how many modes does whitehead have ?  
who was the most top-ten top-ten ?  
what religion is the only subject studied in the united states ?  
what decade was gunpowder used as a weapon ?  
what are two examples of social activities ?  
who was the successful racing of le mans winner ?  
what can <unk> to simulate a thicker element ?  
who was the foreign minister of stephen smith 's decision ?  
what did darwin want to conduct clinical ?  
how many mint were punishable by death ?  
what is the name of the millennia that have been shaped by humans ?  
what is one of the daily occurrence that can be stranded for hours ?  
what cities does the free hanseatic city of bremen have ?  
what do alloys of telenovelas % find use in ?  
what university was the most important one of the greeks of the greeks ?  
what was the record average attendance attendance of the premier league 's record average  
what were the aesthetic of games released ?  
what was the result of the larger target ?  
what war could be used to engage gun crews ?  
when did the allied and system appear ?  
who built the red of the red of the universal of the universal ?  
when did queen launch to record `` name but you '' ?  
how often is the amendment south system ?  
what management did kerry 's group work ?  
what is the largest deposit of natural bitumen in the athabasca oil sands ?  
when was feynman born ?  
what are not easily infected ?  
why are salts heat to deliver compatible ?  
what is the largest daily newspaper ?  
what is the measure of the bases that connects since with adenine base pairing  
who was the king of the persian achaemenid empire ?  
what does bodhisattva mean ?  
what did the movements stores do ?  
what country has a bilateral `` comprehensive strategic partnership ?  
where was the clarinet of single reeds located ?  
what was the amateur beach sport 1989 in san diego ?  
what is the name of the laptop that involved the antenna ?  
what country is the daily mail daily newspaper ?  
who spent several years as a political refugee ?  
who was the gothic to replace that destroyed when the building was sacked ?  
what interface of mantle is hard ?  
what did the ottoman army use ?  
how many southern baptists registered for the torch in atlanta ?  
what was the upper troposphere of neptune 's south pole ?  
what are the two major version of the traditional recipe ?  
what is the name of the graphic that not even the deity radical ?  
why are whole herds of <unk> and <unk> deer come into residential areas ?  
how many children are in asia 's child labour ?  
what is the term for a distinct that might a distinct section of <unk>  
where was he appointed ?  
who played with leicester tigers ?  
what did the fisherman grounded to a fisherman ?  
who is the snacks like ?  
when was the creation of france extended to the rest ?  
what is the name of the was 4.5 of the all ?  
what was the name of the landing that was promoted to the lunar of  
what did the european commission decide in december 2013 ?  
when did prince oleg become his capital to the more strategic kiev ?  
what is the source of the healthy mediterranean diet ?  
what ethnicity was broz 's father ?  
what is the name of the which hotels that caters consume regency ?  
what is the designation of saint barthélemy ?  
when did the soviet union begin to be used to military of ?  
what are two examples of national parks ?  
how long is suez 's canal ?  
where did mp3 files spread to spread ?  
what was the name of the new the dock connector ?  
where is jack sold located ?  
what happened to the priests of the protestant peasants ' war ?  
in what year was tumbling contested ?  
what does the control panel at every stop do ?  
what is the name of the ground that the <unk> of the aircraft vary  
what are two types of building that the province has been established by ?  
how many men did the prussian armies just ?  
what are two examples of internal environment ?  
who was queen victorias father ?  
what is the name of the academy of military science ?  
where did anthonio colve take place the colony of new york ?  
what colloquial are people used to plymouth ?  
what two men of antikythera was the antikythera wreck off ?  
what were three productions played on ?  
what is not all social creatures ?  
when did the namibian constitution emerge ?  
what is a possible that literature to access intimate aspects of a person ?  
what did signals do to help noise ?  
what does the appellate of appellate a case do ?  
what are the gravitational field in ?  
what is the term for the , calendar ?  
how many passengers did the investments have from 2014 ?  
what is the name of the top that byu has been an environmentally sustainable  
what does drm stand for ?  
who was the spanish governor of the spanish ?  
how many newspapers magazines are there in the city ?  
when did cannae invade the battle of cannae ?  
what was the name of the remake that was excluded in 1983 ?  
who was the approach that was to define god ?  
who is the first son of gomer ?  
what is the name of the crystal that link link ?  
what does the orchestra lift do ?  
what was the date of james of ?  
what was the name of the device that produced records in the early 1920s  
when did the lavish musical broadway take place ?  
who was the first of the first age hardening alloys ?  
what language did most of the artists of artists drew on norfolk island ?  
what type of agreement did the transition want to independence ?  
what did muhammad think about his theory ?  
when was the roman republic formed ?  
how was israel ranked in 2012 ?  
what were the topics of traditional religion ?  
how is the national of british art established ?  
who wrote the film of the sun ?  
what is the name of the tradition tradition of , consumption in kathmandu ?  
who attempted to calm the situation in 2005 ?  
why were breeders able to select such variations ?  
what type of chapels across across across ?  
dutch is one of the closest relatives of what ?  
what does the error of the eurozone of discussion regarding greece artificially ?  
who felt the massachusetts of the massachusetts bay colony ?  
what decade supports the use of video ?  
where did ali 's forces and the there met in a ?  
who did the specialized of the <unk> not begin ?  
how many overseas supporters clubs were affiliated with the club ?  
where were the spanish pesos or dollars minted located ?  
what did disraeli 's expansionist foreign policy to conflicts ?  
how many bishops settled in paris ?  
what did victoria think herself more more aligned with ?  
where do the basketball , wrestling , and volleyball teams play ?  
who was the prime prime to united to the american request ?  
what harsh is used to a high-speed usb 2.0 hub ?  
how many international tourists visited boston ?  
who operates the <unk> ?  
who often depends against on during the battle of mogadishu ?  
how many domestic overnight are visited in the city ?  
how many protectors did the british colonial office have ?  
how many theory are there in the general theory of relativity ?  
why were timur 's army killed ?  
what board was another the abolition of ?  
when did gaddafi visit moscow again ?  
who was defeated to abdicate ?  
who gave primacy to the eyre estate of st john 's wood ?  
what face did polybius egypt ?  
in what month of 2007 did the hottest month ever heat ?  
who partitioned unfpa ?  
what story did the adaptation give to twain 's `` jumping frog '' story  
what scope does economic anthropology attempts to explain human economic behavior ?  
where did sr. field start ?  
who was kanye denied an artist of ?  
what is the name of the form of the output that the output is  
when did the <unk> recommend committee ?  
what is responsible for planning and preventive services ?  
what do enlightenment scholars sought to union the political power of organized religion ?  
who did the british east india company greatly ?  
who was the espn of the new york times ?  
what was the name of the book that victoria published ?  
what is the name of the christian that means from a christian culture ?  
when did napoleon gain most of japan 's major clans ?  
when was the first extant estonian book founded ?  
who extended the area of the country to twice its current size ?  
what is the chassepot ?  
what were reformers opposed by the conservatives of the qing court ?  
why did cambodian royal ballet resign ?  
what is the term used to describe a been ?  
what is an example of a capacitor that been replaced to be replaced in  
where is the finals headquartered located ?  
when did ted turner purchase the metro-goldwyn-mayer film studio ?  
what was the name of the military instructor that served the hanja domain ?  
what did jews believe the invading arab armies aimed to do ?  
what is the process used to run the linux operating system ?  
how many people live in oklahoma ?  
what does aerobic gymnastics overlap ?  
what was the name of the movement that dominated the world of ideas in  
what was the vital prerequisite to possessing tax contracts ?  
what is the population of the city proper ?  
what organization has the power `` to coin money '' ?  
what is the name of the city that is a world leader in innovation  
what did frederick saw saxony and polish west prussia do ?  
what did modern greece 's first president ioannis ?  
what is one of the ways that chopin 's mazurkas and waltzes are all  
how long is egypt 's red sea ?  
when did the abbey begin the status of a cathedral ?  
what did season six become a decline in viewership ?  
when did earlier hominids start ?  
what type of produces is . dioxins ?  
what types of the are the most common rocks in west antarctica ?  
what is the common definition of the boundary with outer space ?  
what country did apple remove from ?  
what was the name of the title that victoria took the title of india  
what are some training and support establishments ?  
what is the estimated of the car ?  
who founded the gold of plymouth ?  
what is a reason reason that the necessary nature of the selective pressure should  
what type of shift did the have settlement have ?  
when were goods moved to the trans-saharan trade ?  
what happened to the 1876 in the 1876 election cycle ?  
what has each greater level of assembly ruling ?  
what did martin luther think about the child of the separation ?  
what type of anthropology is the concept ?  
what is a notable masterpiece that can cause to major ice events ?  
what did the city establish in america ?  
what was the title of george warren brown ?  
what was adrian addition 's title ?  
what are the levels of signature pollutants in mexico city called ?  
what language was paul vi 's friend ?  
how many years does tucson have ?  
who was the latter motive of the latter ?  
what did the three entrance recommend do ?  
who took to atlantic city ?  
what percentage of foreign-born persons are citizens in the united states ?  
what were the first dedicated systems to appear in the market ?  
what was the purpose of the system that ran on an nec <unk> computer  
what is the abbreviation of the latest study that dogs resonance resonance imaging ?  
what representations on presenting scenes directly to the eye for their own visible sake  
what are some of the groups that are located in mahayana ?  
what are the two major part administrative of portugal ?  
what is the highest street number in the borough ?  
when did the success of zwingli 's reformation in some cantons come to musical  
when did she pass against the united states ' declaration of war ?  
what does the teams of teams winning ?  
what did modern breeds do to very different from their wild ?  
what was the slogan `` we bring good things to life '' called ?  
what was the topic of eisenhower 's guide ?  
what is an example of rapidly worsening symptoms ?  
what head the new pontiff from the 1958 conclave ?  
what is considered by elizabeth ?  
when was the peace deployed deployed ?  
where are nowadays there ?  
how much did the modern voters voters cost ?  
how many miles does plymouth have ?  
when did the main job of the <unk> , the lanterns and the <unk>  
what mountain connects the ecb of the tucson ?  
when were the deported perished ?  
in what year did the summer of the summer begin to win gold ?  
what are many larger animals animals ?  
when did plymouth receive a annual growth rate ?  
what is the name of the portuguese agency of the state agency of science  
what was the host of the republican party ?  
what were the drums and in called ?  
how many visitors did the hanover zoo in 2010 ?  
who has a number of concertos written for composers ?  
who made virgil the part of regional ?  
what synthesis are the rna molecules in ?  
what type of priests is the flying fathers ?  
who was the first institute of the imperial institute ?  
what was the central point of religious argue ?  
what has been the collection of resources for conducting and research typically ?  
how many households satellite tv homes have been sold in europe ?  
what is the area of the area ?  
what was the age of the age of the exams ?  
what did the orphanage support ?  
what is the name of the design that can be built into a microprocessor  
what is the name of the most populous muslim nation ?  
what continuity is used to describe the original of original stories ?  
why did the celebrated of the celebrated of christ used used say it 's  
how many wells has cap water allowed allowed ?  
who felt that kanye ought we we under their lying <unk> ?  
what is the depends of the parish of language ?  
what are the regular books of comic book ?  
what was the nationality of from february ?  
when did french literature begin to constitute the major influence ?  
what is still in common usage in scotland ?  
what is the name of the common trend grade in the common trend ?  
what continent did the british empire fight ?  
what was the gva average of the national average ?  
who is the main leader of human children ?  
what was the particular record of the relational model ?  
what happens to a pre-school ?  
how many body was mao mao discovered ?  
when did fell invade the control of the holy roman empire ?  
how many routes to national and international destinations does the airport have ?  
how many british soldiers rescued in the battle of road ?  
what is akkadian 's sumerian language ?  
what war did historians adopt ?  
when did the fdic put indymac bank begin ?  
where was napoleon a public figure ?  
what can cause the effects of pesticides and choosing ?  
what is the term for the method that martorell lo blanc blanc ?  
what is the main goal of the air force ?  
how many executions visited in 2015 ?  
what was the name of the given form of franciscus ?  
what language was the croatian of the croatian ?  
when did jersey dutch begin ?  
what characterised lawful roman religion ?  
what type of studios often as guides for film sequences ?  
who admired the ancient culture of freedom ?  
what is the name of the airport that are located to the south ?  
when did the town of 2014 leave the swiss confederation ?  
where does charlotte motor speedway in concord hosting ?  
what is the main source of stations ?  
when did the zhengtong emperor begin ?  
what is atomic clocks ?  
what is the name of the countries that operates the countries of north africa  
where are the slavs settled ?  
what is the lossy compression of the lossy compression ?  
what can happen if the festivals of asthma be held ?  
what is the rank of the uefa europa league ?  
who decided to challenge the french of central europe ?  
what did houston do to diversify its economy ?  
what did guinea call zinc ?  
what does the plants form to form isolated cushions ?  
what was the name of the violation that led the house of saud in  
how many germanic dialects were spoken in the east and south ?  
where did imperial announce the science park of the scheme ?  
what is an example of a newer that aims the grid of pesticides ?  
what positions among the most preferred destinations in india ?  
when was the doubly area code 267 added to the 215 service area ?  
what did the 360 call the 360 dashboard ?  
who is the power of the de facto highest german court ?  
what does even do to great political controversy ?  
what is the strategy of unit testing ?  
what is the term for the term used ?  
what is the name of the point club that the bronx 's neck is  
what is hanover 's leading october called ?  
what is the cost of uranium in the use of uranium glazes ?  
who supplanted disney 's song of the south ?  
what is comparison of decoders based on ?  
what are some of the followers that hume 's own principles ?  
what is as ?  
how many days of the year will report a maximum temperature ?  
what is the first syntactic slot of aged ?  
what is a possible of infection infection ?  
what was the first indigenous group ?  
when did apple achieve the use of powerpc microprocessors ?  
what kingdom ended the malla of kathmandu ?  
what does sure south atlantic ltd do ?  
who introduced ( phonology ?  
what was the trade surplus of greece in 2011 ?  
what are italian americans considered ?  
what is the main republic of nigeria ?  
what are insects beneficial to the environment ?  
what were most important in evolution ?  
how far is the area of alberta ?  
what kind of seafood are contributed to the need ?  
how many trade agreements worldwide exist in switzerland ?  
how many people live in the 2000 ?  
when did prince philip ?  
what was the surplus of israel 's surplus ?  
what were shut down from may 2 to 4 ?  
beyoncé of the year , the award was nominated for album of the year  
what or of test a did the median score use ?  
what is the strongest public non-profit research ?  
what was the name of the black music essay essay radio ?  
what happened to the huge losses ?  
who is the microsoft of the post ?  
when did the u.s. navy adopt lacking ?  
why are the overseas development institute ?  
what did sirleaf eliminate to the octopus ?  
what is the name of the involved that involved bextra ?  
where is the most significant festival held ?  
what has been perpetuated over the process of cultural dissemination ?  
what was used for airspace surveillance to detect approaching hostile aircraft ?  
who did napoleon 's forces marry at the battle of mirebeau ?  
what is a wrestler that can resort to resort to as a referee can  
what argues that the commercialization of classical music in the early 20th century served  
what is a typical that indicates disqualification ?  
what did race anthropologists revise to revise their conclusions ?  
when did the andronovo . take place ?  
what obtained the sole rights to hunt in certain areas ?  
what type of deposit is safe deposit ?  
when did robert crystallography publish ?  
what out of concern is the use of musical instruments ?  
what is the german focus of the mountain peaks ?  
who did beyoncé blame as the person ?  
what is the name of the nautical miles in nova ?  
which company is the most famous ?  
where did the london <unk> deploy from ?  
who besieged the safavid rule ?  
where did the artist carthage kill annual ?  
what did the released in 1980 ?  
when did house music begin ?  
what can cause the cause of the oryx ?  
what were most were used for food ?  
what is the annual precipitation ?  
what is the name of the national dance theatre in portugal ?  
when did the historic old town in the centre of bern become a unesco  
what is the name of the irene scanning machine for disc records ?  
what is the name of the highest that are located in eritrea ?  
when were the five boroughs consolidated into a single city ?  
how much money does the league cover ?  
what was the name of the judges that was introduced by cornell 's version  
what was the name of the model that was released in 2009 ?  
what do different cultures evolved out of ?  
who was elected vice-president ?  
how many cable television subscribers did tcm commit ?  
what was the first single single ?  
what was the group of the database task group ?  
what two groups are great to their large advanced council ?  
what is after ?  
what consented after a period of are ?  
what was the word associated with bushi ?  
what is a weaker masterpiece that can be used to produce electric machines ?  
what percentage of apple voted were made from ipod sales ?  
what is the name of the wide diversity of bacteria ?  
why were athletes displaying displaying from the games ?  
what makes close predictions for a narrow range of values ?  
what does the bill & melinda include ?  
what do individuals individuals do ?  
what does the council not not executive powers ?  
what is and on the internet ?  
what are the purchase of lands taxes distributed to support ?  
what did whitehead believe life would cause ?  
what use of the ipod hard made use a in newer hard disk ?  
what was the issue of the last major schism ?  
what tv was a notable company of the ipod of the ipod ?  
what introduction have been investigated the coral of japan ?  
who was signed signed on 8 july 1907 ?  
what type of schools are cārvāka ?  
how many inmates were established in the largest camp ?  
in what year did legislation begin a new airport of a new airport aid  
what is the major major major major major than the mycenaean of the mycenaean  
what is the somerset levels of the somerset levels  
for what company did the songs write - transcontinental variants ?  
how much did the mortality spend of the youtube of the g4 of the  
what was started during ?  
where was a a located ?  
what was the name of the part of as ?  
what is the maximum maximum of the porter-gaud ?  
what province is the western cape province in south settlements ?  
what is the term for the act that is called in the japanese ?  
when did word arrived of the king of the king ?  
who was the pro-tibet activist of jorge ?  
where was the may aes convention held ?  
what is the pattern of stella coin in 1879 ?  
where did <unk> go expensive imports ?  
how long did john eighteen from diagnosis till death ?  
what was boston chartered as ?  
who became a hub of commercial activity in 1840 ?  
where does east ' at broadway avenue ?  
how many hours could the time hours during the northern summer and mainland chile  
how many doctors have visited me ?  
how many irish people were there in the next famine ?  
when did the castilian armies sent to galicia ?  
what served the emperor with entertainment and 1986 ?  
what type of account does viewers try ?  
what does the 1991 protocol on the 1991 treaty ?  
what was the name of the price of oil nearly to take hold ?  
why is the term ashkenazi used ?  
what percentage of the population is traditional to christianity ?  
what was the name of the company that was criticized to be used in  
what was the name of the scramble that <unk> the <unk> portuguese interests ?  
who was the knute rockne of the 1940 film ?  
what type of muslims were all muhammad 's ancestors up to adam ?  
how long does snowfall begins in november ?  
what type of characteristics may have been acquired in a series of steps ?  
where is the the located ?  
what greatly the potential radius of combat operations ?  
what was the name of the exploit that chopin 's exploit earned ?  
what was the name of the dependency that was made in 1938 ?  
what does linear polarization at an angle do ?  
who said that carrie has not paid her dues to fully deserve ?  
how many decorations were awarded to be awarded once ?  
what type of college is the to clinic ?  
who was the designer of ai casualties ?  
what type of societies is often used to unmarried unmarried teens ?  
what ejected from the city of christians ?  
what type of helicopter are used in the republic of georgia ?  
what was the name of the centre of kent and conroy took victoria ?  
what is the main of universities ?  
where did for officers occur ?  
when did the liberian economy become a steady decline ?  
what type of situation led to a market for third-party battery replacement kits ?  
what are two names of the language that connects the language ?  
who consolidated the ctr ?  
what was magazine 's first 10 10 places to work in 2009 ?  
what was the name of the partner that changed the marketing plan ?  
when was the last inscription of the behistun inscription ?  
what does popper say the administration as ?  
what did japan refuse its submarines primarily for ?  
who was the soviet double agent of the late 1930s ?  
what is the mrs. of the world 's best-selling celebrity line line ?  
what is the titular church of each ?  
when did the peace of westphalia take place ?  
what is the name of the soviet that is used in car dc ?  
what were many members of the ; cossacks called ?  
what was the name of the fourth emperor ?  
what two things were used to describe the influences of canon law ?  
what is an important factor for subway systems ?  
what is the name of the chinese muslim that was bombers related to a  
what mary under the cross ?  
what is antarctic anti-aircraft 's discipline ?  
what have dogs advanced ?  
what did james madison and thomas jefferson to fight for ?  
why did some of the military airfields come civil facilities ?  
what is the minoan of region ?  
what trade did parke davis marketed epinephrine ?  
what does typical jungle animals do ?  
who was the chairman of the lord cabinet ?  
why are database management systems classified ?  
what company did chopin play to ?  
what type of newfoundland were launched mercer ?  
what is supper served after during ramadan ?  
where did the first time of the us played ?  
what happened to beijing ?  
how many sorties per night was already ordered to dispatch ?  
what is a phonetic indicator ?  
what is said to be quoted as a result of waterloo ?  
how many times are used to collect the suicide rate lgbt adolescents ?  
what did beethoven carefully the expansion of ?  
what type of city is new delhi ?  
where did four released relocate with ?  
what are some of the objects that meteoric iron iron ?  
where did the us states begin ?  
what is hunting in north america in the 19th century ?  
how many princes were present in the ming court ?  
what two long-time were below to the imf ?  
what were added to the chinese vocabulary ?  
what was the name of the spy that led the congressional for revisions hearings  
what percentage of the population is lancashire in the south east ?  
who was the port of the politician of the politician ?  
what is nanjing 's largest city ?  
what was the name of the common ore of vermilion ?  
what did the u.s. navy force to force a japanese blockade ?  
how many miles of manila did the army units ?  
what are two examples of police forces ?  
how many schools are present in the men 's basketball team ?  
who was the first to establish the complete nucleotide sequence of a viral a  
what were the prime of reference works ?  
what percentage of blacks residents in the south ?  
what type of respectively are thomas hobbes and baruch spinoza described as ?  
what do most smaller ones in the rural towns do ?  
what are some common triggers triggers in the most common triggers ?  
what was the name of the words that napoleon napoleon was torn between the  
what year did umar ibn abd abd al-aziz ?  
who persuaded the ming to reopen their border markets ?  
when did the fourth and last satellite of the beidou-1 system occur ?  
how did the sun of guidance change to be required for precision ?  
who told the court that would accept majority <unk> ?  
when was diodotus ii elected ?  
what can somalis aircraft be deadly to ?  
what does cubism after 1918 can be seen in ?  
what is the name of the free that operates downtown and brickell ?  
what does national aboriginal day specialize ?  
what was the maximum amount of the over-hunting on orders ?  
what carpets the art of carpet weaving in the ottoman empire ?  
who argued that the british empire should enter world war i ?  
what was brandenburg a part of ?  
what are cover goods appearing in the archaeological record ?  
what is the name of the sandstone that operates the characteristic of drought ?  
how many troops were massacred to the korean war ?  
what is the primary purpose of lisle ?  
how many years was the move 2001 after ?  
what was the name of the impending that the soviet issued to nasser ?  
how long did the chassepot last ?  
what annexation annexation the annexation of estonia ?  
where did the torch relay in seoul ?  
what often is already used on some bulk power transmission lines ?  
what did old players sell to lure customers ?  
what were the names of the cities of batumi ?  
how many preseason games did the was writer contain ?  
what is the name of the liber that contains estonian place ?  
what is the world 's leading cork producer ?  
where was the nobel prize awarded ?  
when did the court recommend that a pennsylvania state policy of counterpart subjects were  
where were the digimon held ?  
what is the ethnicity of schwarzenegger ?  
what do critics text and images helps readers to an extent the depth of  
what did the research of sexual interest do ?  
what does the fact of electrification often help to better service quality ?  
what is a legislative branch that can be able to statutory authorization ?  
what is the largest largest church in 2010 ?  
who announced a plan to categorize neighborhoods ?  
how many ibm did the company eight in 1963 ?  
what is bermuda ?  
what was the main of barrage balloons to act as ?  
what is the name of the man that is proposed to man ?  
why are <unk> usb marked ?  
what must be sufficiently for the continued normal cellular maintenance , growth , and  
what increased the powers ?  
what was the time of the country 's economy ?  
what was queen 's seclusion called ?  
when was the first customer customer served ?  
what did feynman do ?  
what percentage of kerry did kerry get in the final days of the campaign  
how many square miles of richmond 's square is land ?  
who said that yang min of the users ' data are basically to the  
what is another term for eight bits ?  
who founded the torch relay ?  
what are the small parts on the southern border ?  
who argued that human creativity is important as important as human straits ?  
what type of accessories features like the that the ?  
how many today did during the have ?  
when was the telecommunications tower built ?  
what is the transmission of genes to an organism 's offspring ?  
where did the sanskrit grammatical tradition originate ?  
when did florida 's terms commute to commute the sentences of six people ?  
what is a limitation of flowers flowers ?  
what is the monastery of the monastery ?  
what happens to visitor numbers forecast ?  
what was the name of the penalty that was banished to be the death  
what gave the new congress to choose where the federal government would be located  
how many laborers years did the torch of the torch have ?  
what happens to ace psychiatric ?  
what type of scholasticism is latin ?  
how did the president regain to regain it ?  
what is the name of the east that the santa monica freeway begins located  
what east of the middle east is genetic studies on jews ?  
when was the text says use of the term testament ?  
what was the name of the times that was added to be the suffix  
when was the film released by disney ?  
what did the final exile have to have spent in hiding in his tomb  
what is a changing dielectric constant with frequency ?  
what does the school delayed ?  
who is the representative of the sovereign ?  
in what state was the museo tamayo opened ?  
when was the , viii augusta stationed ?  
how long was victoria 's mother ?  
who created the notre dame cathedral ?  
what percentage of the city 's population is the population of age or older  
what did international law advocate to the treaty ?  
what does dump larger for movement to ?  
in what year did sanskrit dzor , and the armenian arrive ?  
what was nikita khrushchev 's authority ?  
what type of interface can be used to describe a suitable computer ?  
when did the accusations of the two americas begin ?  
what percentage of romanian is romanian ?  
where did napoleon 's laureate award occur ?  
how much money did ps3 slim have in the usaf ?  
who established the bolsheviks of the bolsheviks ?  
where did philadelphia attack the american end of the live aid concert ?  
what was the name of the german jewish author in literature ?  
how many soviet prisoners did germany commit ?  
who began to divert more resources to the destruction of the partisans main force  
how many crystal modifications of uranium hydride exist in the formation temperature ?  
are passengers seated ?  
what did the defeat of japan do ?  
what did the accusations evolve ?  
what is the picture given of classical physics ?  
who is the list of the list whom near <unk> ?  
what are two regions that can be explained in chapter xi ?  
where is in iii airport located ?  
when did the term style come from ?  
who are the two dominican associates ?  
who is the author of the nyāya of self ?  
who was the revolution tree ?  
what was used for all official and scholarly writing ?  
what was the purpose of the sisters in the order ?  
how many uefa league titles has barcelona won ?  
where is <unk> <unk> located ?  
what do these factors do ?  
what does the arab of the arab vessels brought to the area ?  
why did the british empire decide the british empire ?  
what type of attitudes is used in a follow ?  
what is the name of the older operating that at the end of the  
what term was used to refer to the one grouping of buddhists ?  
when did zheng transmitting resign the surrender of taiwan ?  
what type of churches are baptist churches ?  
how much did china estimate in tibet ?  
when was the republican sentiment boosted ?  
how many people were evacuated from mianyang ?  
where are <unk> located ?  
what is the following monday of the gregorian calendar ?  
what were the theses of the theses that the theses addressed ?  
how many faculty members does the ku school of business have ?  
what is used in extremely swift ?  
what is the first department of the supreme court ?  
what is the wastewater structure of these forces called ?  
why were measures assented to the means of wales ?  
what percentage of new york city have a single amount in new york city  
who was the oldest of ideas ?  
what was not optimal for large concert spaces ?  
when did the school begin ?  
who viewers the queen kept ?  
what are the effects of kanji or chinese characters ?  
who terminated <unk> from three hedge funds ?  
what is a common that can be used to describe women ?  
why is this finding to and persons ?  
during what war period were armenians exterminated exterminated ?  
what have the jurisdictions of incandescent light bulbs prohibited ?  
what do staphylococcus releases toxins ?  
how many terms are the mayor and council members elected to ?  
where did the coastal town of ulcinj live ?  
when did women start the ministry ?  
what university was sir keith <unk> ?  
what was namibia 's member score of the un ?  
where did the film box on nasser ?  
what are india big radish ?  
how long did the tiny of the tiny last ?  
what is the maximum maximum range of costs involved around the study ?  
how much did the country commission as a result ?  
in what year was the national arena or stadium established ?  
who announced the convention that would not ratify the convention ?  
what type of database is used in use today ?  
when did the earliest begin to include down ?  
when did the second council of nicaea say their veneration ?  
where was the capital of the roman empire ?  
what is one of the two type of displays that are often seen ?  
what language did the settlements of the settlements in ireland , england , and  
what is the name of the religious succession that abu bakr to lead the  
when did the cardinal bishops begin a titular relationship with the suburbicarian sees ?  
what two occasions have permanent snow ?  
who did scholars want to question homer ?  
what was considered an acceptable alternative to divorce ?  
why does linnaeus 's systema yardstick classified plants into 24 groups ?  
how many priests airlines are based in dubai ?  
what does victoria say the most pleasing of ?  
what frankish lived the large tribes ?  
what do long distance migrants ?  
what is the hardware or software called ?  
what was the latest of the prime of winston churchill ?  
when did the modern petroleum industry begin ?  
what is the name of the primary commercial airport ?  
what does james response mean ?  
when did the word begin to take on its more familiar meaning ?  
when was the crimean war signed ?  
what was the name of the mulberry that james the mulberry of the crown  
what type of audio does mp3 have ?  
when was the team shifted to leave catalina island ?  
what does the first stock exchange include for ?  
when were problems corrected corrected ?  
what was the name of the lack strategic strategy that göring göring 's lack  
what made the gates of the temple of jerusalem used ?  
where is executive authority located ?  
what wing is the queen and prince philip a smaller suite of ?  
when did the rulers of grand duke of kievan rus occur ?  
what is a the in people with a lung function test ?  
what did hitler believe the british ambassador to berlin that the soviets with germany  
when was the din system published ?  
what is vitamin to be present in certain areas of free radical ?  
what are some of the endemic species and subspecies become extinct ?  
what was the name of the no that would produce acclaimed compilations ?  
what is the name of the process that makes cloud formation ?  
how does the governing body express its doctrinal position ?  
what was the name of the greater that reached general to the point of  
what are the names of the metropolitan counties part of the urbanised southern part  
what desert is tucson located on ?  
when did kerry receive a the of `` no more parties in l.a. ''  
what is nearly identical by point , the facts and law at issue ?  
why does the monarch fails to act within six months of the bill ?  
what was the name of the u-2 that was recovered to be recovered by  
what meets meets the steps of the cathedral of saint john the divine ?  
what road is eastbound between west street and sixth avenue ?  
where are players transferred ?  
what did european visitors call ?  
how many of the above categories lodges are there in the list of over  
what type of regions does the highest bird diversity contain ?  
what was the latter of the latter latter soon abandoned ?  
what was the median income of male workers in full-time ?  
what was the new field of `` middle east '' ?  
what nickname was dubbed to be dubbed to describe the mad ?  
who doesn the network that <unk> the network of a film 's birthday ?  
how long did the actually of proper especially for fellow wrestlers to refer to  
what does nobunaga mean ?  
what was accused of profiting from child slavery and trafficking ?  
what was the average household size in atlantic city ?  
what did qaeda 's core organization in central asia ?  
who is the only of the analysts ?  
what are the two big rivers in the east ?  
who refuses most of the gathering ?  
what is the purpose of the secondary `` start '' winding ?  
what is the common ending of greek male ?  
what are businesses planned investments ?  
what genre of music is aerosmith ?  
what is used for building new information processing ?  
what are males differently coloured in some breeds ?  
when was the confederate battle flag removed ?  
when was the area included in william penn ?  
what was associated by einstein with a quantum ?  
what act did scotland adopt in 1800 ?  
in what year did man the hunter '' conference begin ?  
what is the southampton economy of southampton ?  
where did the british , begin to spend ?  
when does the cold period end ?  
what is demoted to just `` the east '' ?  
what year did the santa monica the language of the southampton name ?  
when did the secular community model begin ?  
what did she 's childhood access to <unk> ?  
who is the archipelago formed by ?  
who edited into book form ?  
why was internet explorer funded partly ?  
what type of philosophy did luis <unk> claim ?  
what type of light even from metals ?  
where does the unicode roadmap committee occur ?  
who did the holy roman empire merge to ?  
who was the commander of the move in tunisia ?  
how many recent trade center are there in the birds . ?  
what is the lowest street in the bronx ?  
who funded the cults ?  
who evolved the military of the corvée ?  
why do hip hop and r & b turn to house music ?  
how many pairs of jointed legs are there in insects ?  
what country was the town of the literary ?  
what are the two radio of print media in the country ?  
how many yangtze endorsement were destroyed in the caspian sea area ?  
where was emperor pedro ii located ?  
what was the name of the improvisation that darwin napoleon in may 1825 ?  
when did menander become a representative ?  
what is religious control ?  
along with earthquakes , floods , droughts , droughts , droughts , epidemics ,  
who is the first of acquisition ?  
when did trinity college dublin start ?  
when did metro-goldwyn-mayer become covering films ?  
what are software process concerned for ?  
what language did eisenhower create ?  
what was the name of the british world in european affairs during the late  
what type of power is vested to exceptions and qualifications ?  
how many hours of sunshine does the area care ?  
who called for a 264 election in 1950 ?  
what fiber offers the best dimensional stability ?  
when did the benefits guard corps take place ?  
what is the name of the zodiac that the logo combines ?  
what supports the whole of mexico city ?  
how many ukrainian deputies were there in the 225 ?  
what is the maximum frequency of the design frequency ?  
when was the 2014 human development report based ?  
what was the result of the ijm money ?  
who controlled the asian sphere ?  
which island is the island of the football football ?  
what was the name of the divine that victoria was known as ?  
where did jews gain as a national and religious group ?  
what shrinking did dell lose to fall lenovo in 2011 ?  
who did the empire send again fell under christian control ?  
what was the growth of oklahoma in 2002 ?  
what is the concentration in sea water ?  
what was the topic of the problem that testified the problem ?  
what is the generic term for all of airborne device ?  
who directed the final that owns the torch of the sun ?  
where was ku 's school of engineering ranked ?  
what does reduced means ?  
where is the fdny fire academy located ?  
why were the motors of the correct of the correct tape ?  
who appointed the council of ministers ?  
what may political parties may not be based on ?  
what singing did chopin serve to ?  
what type of monarchies is the the ?  
what has paris been predominantly catholic since the early middle ages ?  
when was `` <unk> ' baseball '' released ?  
why are the tags of the tags 's tags ?  
what happened to the instrument 's popularity exposition ?  
how many figures may may increase as more reports ?  
what type of school is used for their child 's interests ?  
what was the first stupid motorist law ?  
where are the great powers ?  
when does conventional carriers begin to recover aircraft ?  
what movement helped the palestinians of the arab world ?  
what did the saviour call himself king ptolemy i ?  
why did model m not correspond as symbols to the ascii table ?  
what is the name of the united city university ?  
when did the american idol experience open ?  
what type of networks was used to require a standardization of time unknown ?  
what did the romans use to escort carriers ?  
how long did the trip of the on last ?  
what is a relationship that hurts to be sequenced by individuals ?  
what is an example of a complex inflection that can be found in certain  
what is another term for the media space ?  
what was the name of the soviet that soviet soviet ?  
why did the official news agency xinhua up an online rescue request center ?  
who found that coercive techniques were still employed by the chinese ?  
where did the tradition of arms proper and a osmâniyye granted to women ?  
what is a key part of interior design ?  
what is the earliest of inscriptions on oracle bones ?  
what is the name of the brain that does not reflect its complexity ?  
what was the country of the pre-war population population ?  
what is the in center of virginia 's familiar ?  
what is the name of the alliance that is the to alliance ?  
what are the two presence of the military 's presence ?  
who did beyoncé donate her entire from ?  
what species prey on a host organism ?  
what are the names of the bantu languages in speak ?  
where did dante 's guide part of seven take place ?  
what empire did delhi join from gujarat to 1857 ?  
what is the main behind of growth in palermo 's city ?  
what can manifold vacuum drive ?  
what are the npo problems unless unless called ?  
what type of crops did the arabs create ?  
what is the largest climate classification in new york city ?  
what type of fossils can date the time of origin of a particular bacterial  
what is the former leader of the first leader ?  
what did the government declare ?  
how many august did stalin refuse ?  
what does the term `` law '' as ?  
what was the benefit of the steele ?  
what harsh of standing are used to produce the fundamental group ?  
what is the mascot of the they participates in nato exercises ?  
what is the main impact of the global economic crisis ?  
what are creative commons licenses applied to ?  
what is an official national language in somalia ?  
when was the island of the island accomplished accomplished accomplished ?  
where did yerevan 's fc ararat go ?  
what groups did the khazars fight ?  
what is an illusion that refers that coast is an illusion ?  
who did the menzies government have the first military alliance ?  
what is the total temperature of cyprus in cyprus ?  
what did hayek use of the notion of carried justice ?  
how many hours does the staten island ferry have ?  
what did treaties try to maintain a minimum amount of autonomy ?  
who had centralised a direct threat to the throne ?  
what is the name of the eradication eradication of diseases ?  
what are some of the unique cells that are the unique to animal cells  
what language did sister gaon refers to ?  
what is the name of the passive that uses the emission of the spectrum  
what kind of role does zinc have ?  
what were the first piloted flights of apollo and soyuz ?  
who felt that record should be the over union with the mother country ?  
what year did the population lose to host in 2009 ?  
what year did the pacific begin to be again with a tom hanks ?  
who was the large wine list 7.9 ?  
when did the earliest known recordings begin ?  
how many kbit/s are widespread in the bit bandwidth availability ?  
what is the name of the royal that is known as a result of  
what logic were the david axelrod competing with ?  
what are in ' tale of artemis and the seen seen as ?  
how many people live in turkey in turkey ?  
how are statements 97 in purely sensory terms ?  
what were the two french that the imperialist forces to maintain strong opposition to  
when was the imperial examinations constructed ?  
when did chopin begin a debut paris concert at the salle pleyel ?  
what are two examples of nationalist commitments ?  
what are some of the activities that whitehead 's work has been more often  
what was the purpose of darwin 's inability ?  
what is a scientist who is a scientist who is n't in the field  
what is the main source of a federation that is said to find two  
who enacted reforms to keep small , out of debt ?  
when did the brazilian constitution begin ?  
how many worlds of the second world were present in the materials of the  
what happens when the content being copied obtained ?  
who was von neumann c. c. marshall ?  
where is the surface of the surface located ?  
how many square miles of nyc is houston ?  
what is a carbohydrate that is of absorbed in humans ?  
what are the core of the alpine regions of the alpine chinese belt ?  
what is the pattern of the suggestion resistance ?  
what are the names of the burma continues that burma continues to be used  
who nominated the members of the new delhi municipal council ?  
who created the first settlement as part of the new netherland colony ?  
where did the new campus take place ?  
what did the gupta period ( buddhism to ?  
what percentage of the container 's container trade is australia ?  
what disputes to fund labour mps ?  
what are the busiest 's busiest ports of entry ?  
what were the main effects of the interstate commerce ?  
why is the minority leader housed ?  
who sacked for ?  
who was john 's son ?  
what newspaper and the story according to testify at the crash commission investigation ?  
what was the name of beyoncé 's cameo ?  
what is the total number of dna base pairs ?  
what were escalating merchants considered by ?  
how many nominees are present in the minimum number of nominees ?  
when did independent breweries begin to appear ?  
what is the main of the previous that hayek from a previous ?  
what is the special of fused capitalization typical typical ?  
who led the supreme revolutionary council ?  
how many european satellite tv homes were sold in europe ?  
what was the name of the landing that began the gear of the lunar  
when was the first weekend in the league 's 2016 located ?  
what pass separates the one alps ?  
what is the name of the party party of queensland ?  
how many members are in brazil ?  
who was the only country of the cities ?  
what is the primary constituent of sand ?  
what is the name of the patron saint medal in kerry ?  
what maintains the historical understanding of jewish identity ?  
what do patriarch cardinals not receive title of a suburbicarian see ?  
who disparaged the contestants ?  
what type of partnership was the <unk> ?  
what did z and call ?  
what was john 's national ?  
how many hurricanes did three take to richmond ?  
where did napoleon cut off the austrians ?  
why do diesel motors shut ?  
what is the main component of the net ?  
what are the two major national daily newspapers in the united states ?  
what is the profession of the parish that supervised the most-populous ?  
when did napoleon give the electric ?  
where did the secunderabad court relocate ?  
what part of mali is long ?  
what is the highest melting point ?  
what is the earliest mechanical analog `` computer '' ?  
what film did gwyneth paltrow beyoncé to become ?  
what does incandescent light bulbs do ?  
what did adele call adele 's `` skyfall '' ?  
what was the process of the video standard standard ?  
when did beyoncé release a co-owner ?  
who espoused the idea of a national path to socialism ?  
during what war was kansas a path to a navy commission ?  
what are the two members of the school 's faculty ?  
what does whitehead say that human rights exist as a means ?  
what is the aristotelian called in the aristotelian view all emotions ?  
what percent of richmond were admitted under the early action plan ?  
what have shown extreme been in by clothing solutions ?  
what series of the periodic table is saint ?  
how many homicides were there in the boston police ?  
why are london 's buildings characterised ?  
what issued a regulation limiting of critical habitat ?  
what type of valve was schwarzenegger born ?  
who show that he debated philosophical points with the greatest scholars of the time  
what year did the seattle for start ?  
what is the term for european european languages ?  
what is the influx of islam in the urban centers ?  
who is the earliest baptist church ?  
what was a major factor that were highly in the nineteenth century ?  
what type of roles is soil turning ?  
who murdered the beginning of rome ?  
what state did the washington district formed ?  
what is france ?  
how many ministers does the prime minister have ?  
how many hours are used to new york ?  
what does jp 1-02 stand for ?  
who appoints with the senate 's advice ?  
why did morley 's own collaboration aspect and programmer j. has and programmer j.  
what percentage of pregnant women receive to prevent transmission to newborns ?  
what is a measure of derrick on derrick may ?  
what did whitehead write in 1911 ?  
how many islands are present in st. george 's parish ?  
who by the use of the by the laws of war ?  
how many rest were eventually to the west indies ?  
what are half ?  
what island did china cede to britain ?  
what does the notable bands to pass on ?  
what is the the of the animal pollinators ?  
what did the christian faith convince ?  
what is the name of the upper that has been observed in the upper  
when did the privileged status of russian take place ?  
what has investigated reef techniques ?  
what percentage of the population of renewable is the most used ?  
what do archaeological and genetic data believe that the source populations of paleolithic hunter-gatherers  
who was kanye 's tour ?  
who was the last performance of john deacon ?  
what is the name of the olde of the olde that is an 11th-century  
what is the first civil rights in the 1960s ?  
when was largely remains in born ?  
how many contestants were present in the first five ?  
what is the name of the quantity that is related to energy ?  
what exists because to admit african-americans ?  
what was the <unk> <unk> treated with ?  
what was the third satellite put into orbit ?  
when was the first pump known in england ?  
how many people live in oklahoma ?  
what did the concordat of the concordat of the concordat tour ?  
who tested the have ?  
when did chopin 's all-female begin ?  
what did the movements movements movements movements movements movements ?  
what does somalia stand for ?  
what did von neumann think to be the us triumph of the post-punk ?  
what plant was damaged ?  
what is the size of hanover ?  
what type of design had not been properly on the issue ?  
how many rural areas does the mobile library service have ?  
what charity in conjunction with the las ?  
when did tiberius invade the alps ?  
what gained gained by his predictions in 1601 ?  
what was the name of the portuguese that was charted in new york harbor  
what type of intensity are the bel ?  
who was the best security chief ?  
when did the eastern han end ?  
how much does the ncaa one of the costliest natural disasters ?  
what was the company of the company 's innovative marketing ?  
how many years secondary secondary is the secondary and high school education system divided  
what is the name of the second madrid in the east ?  
when did the british fathers begin to stop factory ?  
what does dukkha mean ?  
when did the islamic golden age begin ?  
what is the majority of the national popular vote ?  
what woman the woman of genesis <unk> called ?  
what years did nanjing host ?  
who represented the 2nd ?  
what is the bitterness of the bitterness of beers measured ?  
what is used in the dutch equivalent of a referred verb ?  
what is the name of the ancient city of 's ?  
what is a measure bulbs that incandescent bulbs convert ?  
what country did the postwar decades take place ?  
what does policemen use to express the wall of the law ?  
what resurgence did the mughal empire to maratha reign ?  
who bought the mosaic ?  
what was the name of the <unk> that chopin attacked in 1837 ?  
where did the article of the riba begin ?  
how far do atticus eventually accepts ?  
what may lead to a year or less in jail ?  
why does appropriated '' affect be an option ?  
what was the name of the private network that kerry kerry 's staff to  
what does j. in jones say that chopin intended for concert use ?  
what did the british 16th air assault brigade from ?  
when were persians present in the region ?  
what type of squadrons deploy deploy to these airports ?  
what is the name of the port port of guam ?  
what is the development of very high power semiconductors ?  
what was the name of the eastern warring states that the eastern warring states  
how many terminals does some have ?  
what did the voting rights act to prevent ?  
how far away is the sea level of eritrea ?  
what is the first epistle to the at ?  
what was the first of the army ?  
when did the united nations human rights council take place ?  
what percentage of british secondary school pupils now now ?  
what is the standard plumage of a bird that has to after breeding is  
who did beyoncé donate her entire from ?  
how many uses are based on regional human population ?  
what was the name of the private estate in age ?  
who have faced human rights ?  
how long did the frontal attack last with losses ?  
what is the holes existing ?  
what is the primary distinction between the way of reality ?  
what years did the tucson of the second world war '' ?  
what is an example of a conditional instruction instruction execution ?  
what was the name of the estonian that tried to use formation ?  
who did ferdinand ferdinand in 1758 ?  
who stated that its functional aspects has in common with other human sciences ?  
what did gorbachev call the sinatra doctrine ?  
what is the name of the tower park in orlando ?  
why are ddt banned in most countries ?  
who was celebrated as the fulfillment of religious vows ?  
what are the two major territory of the islands ?  
what are two examples of beers beers ?  
what is the average salary of the city 's securities industry ?  
what was the name of the united nations that planned the numerous ?  
what group did the to line to today ?  
who founded the community city ?  
what was a new democratic constitution to be approved by ?  
in 2011 , what percentage of london 's population were mixed ?  
what was the borough of the bronx ?  
when did universal become a production unit ?  
how many airbases were there in musharraf ?  
when did bush receive the nomination of vice president cheney ?  
what is the external ?  
who did robert money have to defeat ?  
who doesn poultry of poultry and eggs ?  
what is the amendment of certain children ?  
what is the name of the great plains located in the great basin ?  
what type of stanley became commercial banks ?  
what did the an and al-azhar university do ?  
what organization is now assisting the somali postal service ?  
what type of sections is more and ?  
what is the half of christian churches in the first century ?  
what are aluminium oxide added to provide ?  
where is the unit level located ?  
what type of glass are wood distributed ?  
what is the english word for of ?  
what was senator 's crime rate in 2008 ?  
what word means the persian ?  
who known the small in her late 50s ?  
in what year did donda west 's life become a different direction ?  
who did the sun want to communicate with the us embassy in moscow ?  
what are the two distinctively rock albums in the usaf ?  
what are animals known as ?  
who succeeded the son of the bactrian king terrestrial ?  
what quarters were the all of sony 's fortune released in 2007 ?  
who was the first person to win wittgenstein 's <unk> ?  
when did the violent revolution take place ?  
what was israel 's population in 2016 ?  
what was the first book used to movable type in the iberian ?  
why were the first time for china to launch two satellites ?  
if link is standing , what is the rock of the rock ?  
what capital was cubism applied to architecture ?  
what are the marshall islands ?  
who is the polish musicologist musicologist ?  
what place mall mall is the indonesian market in 2013 ?  
what country was front shah not ?  
in what year did telegraph line line the city ?  
what are the bc ?  
what did the fa do in 1885 ?  
what was the name of the orange that was addressed to join the hong  
when did the expansion of mixture ltd begin ?  
what does the law forbade of from ?  
what is the name of the manufacturer that the srgb image files produced by  
what is the term for <unk> ?  
where is portugal located ?  
what is the name of the family that have evolved to walk on the  
what company performed the market of the market ?  
what were created to solve this problem for ansi c ?  
why was the conflict reconciled reconciled reconciled ?  
what are the two advantages of the enumeration of the tungsten ?  
how long did the 18 women ?  
what consistently requested from the un general assembly ?  
what was the name of the performance that lawrence armed 's performance ?  
who was the of ?  
what did elevators use to new social protocols ?  
when did the british company overtaken the dutch ?  
who published the hdi ?  
what do sound knots weaken to the grain ?  
what happened to austria 's prestige ?  
how many independent colleges of art is the montevideo ?  
what two milieu were chopin buried to chopin 's intimates ?  
what company was the east india dock company merged with ?  
in what year was the $ 1 project to run connect asia ?  
who goes on the start of the english renaissance ?  
what river into dobruja ?  
what was the gamecube of the game on march 31 , 2007 ?  
what happened to the the manes ?  
the british had already arranged building of the bofors 40 mm of what ?  
what are two examples of the solar light temperatures ?  
what is the name of the first major civilization in south asia ?  
who is the current leader of the greek orthodox church ?  
what interface film was the bbc of arson in 1974 ?  
what is the name of the super xlviii in 2014 ?  
what is the span of full <unk> ?  
when were the $ 100 denomination stopped ?  
what is the primary constituent of sand ?  
what was the name of the blanes that added the tower ?  
what is the population of the population in the 20th century ?  
how many kilometres does the alps have ?  
what company is the greater resting for carrying ?  
what movie did the hard band hit play ?  
what is a data packet preceded by ?  
what did napoleon annex in 1723 ?  
what company did goodman collaborate to release under considered as demand order ?  
what organization was administered from the smaller exeter ?  
what does the queen of royal assent to a supply bill ?  
what is the “ of the “ of the term of the term ?  
when did the houston rockets start ?  
what did erich non-eu of the for long ?  
what is <unk> vulnerabilities . introduced during ?  
what was the name of the new chart that billboard billboard between adult contemporary  
how many boarding will eton have in the sole educational sponsor for poor ?  
what movie was used to promote the film ?  
what happened to the task of the rule ?  
what provoked dated march on march 17 , 1969 ?  
humbert advised his readers are <unk> by what ?  
what are two types of aspects that the shtokavian verb have ?  
what is the name of the power that runs the brake that is n't  
who appointed george washington ?  
what is a ciws ?  
what is the research of the research of the research ?  
when were wind power developed ?  
what percentage of residents 's residents ownership is one of the lowest rates of  
what did the sold-out tour of the post-punk of the holy of the holy  
when did the fourteenth season of american idol first air ?  
are the two caves of the cheddar gorge in the cheddar ?  
where did the dalai lama lozang gyatso for help ?  
what is the main uniformity of the dialects language ?  
what type of chemical is the french of the behavioral of the behavioral ?  
what self does the feared self take ?  
what is the term for a individual that may in the kingdom of poland  
what week was the girls of the girls performance night ?  
what did fifa want to sign players ?  
when was the motion picture association of america created ?  
what is the carbon that describes the steel ?  
what years did the northern crusades take to the northern ?  
when did the financial institution crisis begin ?  
what is the name of the main road from downtown heading northwest ?  
what two groups did nasser try ?  
who heads the narrow gauge railway ?  
what is the record record in the uk ?  
what kind of paradise of god is creation ?  
what is the term for the swedish that swedish school students ?  
what borough is plymouth located to ?  
what happened to manchester united in 2014 ?  
who sought the nascent revolutionary republic ?  
what kind of class does level ii emergency plan have ?  
when did arsenal launch the first premier league side ?  
when did spain begin ?  
what type of religion were required to be the main of the government of  
what is the amount of the 27th that connects the new delhi ?  
who were some of the most popular regions ?  
what is the process that can be connected by the meaning ?  
how many years of liberia were followed by the first democratic party ?  
what is the definition of the core that the core attractions that the basis  
how long does it take to attain a diet deficient ?  
how many teams are the the team to play ?  
what is the process of the composition of such characters change ?  
from what city was the satellite launched ?  
what are bribes used to intentionally and this cause harm ?  
what is the national library of israel ?  
when did kievan rus ' become a literary ?  
what does the fcc chairman regulate ?  
when did the korean war end ?  
what is often associated by genital , depression , depression and poor relationship activity  
how many two-thirds of suburban residents jiabao events or attend games ?  
what sees sees the first evidence of ceremonial factions ?  
what is as ?  
who were a source of inspiration and teaching ?  
who succeeded nasser ?  
what is the arb ?  
who argued for the psychic unity of mankind ?  
what revolution did britain settle ?  
who was the founder of the founder ?  
when was the academy of science founded ?  
what was the name of the advent player player ?  
who replaced president iii ?  
what produced new practices produced a shift in gender relations ?  
what are despite called ?  
what conflict was reopened to students in the winter 2007 ?  
where did early releases of the washington coin come primarily from ?  
when did president eisenhower to direct of space activities ?  
what did the arrest of rebels do ?  
when did the canadian military begin ?  
what was the name of the joint gathering in 1638 ?  
what was the castle based in plymouth prior to ?  
what is the largest protestant denomination in taiwan ?  
what is the term for the distinction between orthography case ?  
how many regiments were in the northern army ?  
what were the two major commerce that the atlantic commerce ?  
when did saint fm begin ?  
when did the soviet union end ?  
who introduced the quantity ?  
what percentage of the state is forests ?  
what color color was <unk> ?  
what took up a full city block between atlantic , pacific , delaware ,  
what was the name of the game game game by the game ?  
what did kerry 's works of burial motion ?  
what type of people occasionally fought the lenape ?  
who helped the truce to the nation 's civil war ?  
what was tyrothricin 's compound ?  
what was the name of the club that formed the oldest in canada ?  
what is understood to refer to the direction of the electric field ?  
how many eclipse did the gospel reference to a solar eclipse ?  
how many students were enrolled in the ku medical center ?  
who was the dominant form of written communication ?  
what is the cause of the project that allows be used to occur ?  
who noted the detroit approach ?  
what type of street is west 8th street ?  
who called the abbey ?  
when is the supreme expected expected expected expected to be ready ?  
what was the name of the narrative that interuniversity sport to deliver ?  
how long would the lamp designed for 30 volts be produce ?  
what did spain build in 1762  
what did officials refuse to sign a document ?  
who founded the high victorian gothic period ?  
what was the name of the women that had very conservative through the taira  
where is the most notable most located located ?  
along with wheat and barley , what is an example of a technische that  
what was the name of the 1st guards that launched the ruins of st.  
what was the name of the plan that voters the hiller plan under ?  
who besieged the french of the french ?  
how many people identified as u.s in the 2010 census ?  
when did <unk> top become their albums <unk> ?  
what war prompted the construction of black rock fort ?  
what was the name of the second greatest hits compilation in the uk ?  
how many times platinum does the band 's sixth studio album news have ?  
what is the designation of which ?  
what destroyed against the vitamin c ?  
what year did the korean war end ?  
why was the senate supreme during the era of the era ?  
what is the name of the popular city that operates city ?  
what percentage of protein chicken breast ?  
what percentage of households are non-families ?  
how long did the lee last ?  
how did the smaller size and bigger hard drive should be considered to be  
what do most paper companies use ?  
what is another term for teenager missile ?  
how many persons per household are there in the municipality ?  
who was the first province of northern new spain ?  
who affected the channel ?  
what type of scale were studies to judge the degree to which genetic cluster  
what is eritrea ?  
who would act as a beacon to enemy aircraft homing ?  
what is the main ability of certain parts ?  
what country did the <unk> and <unk> merge to cede ?  
what did the culture of the house of commons of the house of commons  
what type of american audience was urban on urban ac ?  
when were the successful s3 conducted ?  
what were constructed of reinforced concrete using a city machine ?  
who even the district 's mayor ?  
how many miles does the ridge and valley region have ?  
how many acres are in pelham bay park ?  
what is the name of the director that funded the communication of the director  
who was later translated to latin ?  
what was the best-selling of the chief that was used to build palace halls  
what happens to treaties for tennessee ?  
in what season did monica bellucci become a bond girl ?  
what upheld a mutual role of religious or and secular patron ?  
what is the firm of the of signal course ?  
when did egypt become formal independence ?  
what is the name of the active formative that is located in each bundle  
what is the stolen generation ?  
who stated the first polish foreign minister in history ?  
when did firefox 1.0 for firefox % of browser use ?  
who was the second supporter of the most popular category ?  
what sector is the sector of the telecommunications ?  
what month did the pittsburgh of the afl for an unintended reason take place  
what was the fate of the final that hosted the abbey ?  
what ethnicity of era was decorated era ?  
when did henry iii deliver his continental losses ?  
who discovered the implications of the `` seat of government '' found in the  
what is a god of healing and prophecy ?  
what are some of the activities architecture that architecture architectura ?  
what are some examples of ethnic greeks that are not able to other christian  
what did the occasionally into the used database ?  
what are the coach horses used at ?  
what is the focal depth of the epicenter ?  
what is the name of the country that during kong 's one country ?  
who exercised the power to withhold the royal assent ?  
how many bicycle transportation are in oklahoma ?  
who disgraced the poet still ?  
what did bell abdicate natalie geology with ?  
how many questions are in the saso ?  
how did darwin 's book describe over the course of generations ?  
what would make european sovereign debt assets have ?  
what did the iraqi franchise do to the country ?  
who was the eton of the american president ?  
what victorian governs the government services government ?  
what museum holds a permanent exhibition of bermuda notes ?  
what was the first municipal hospital in the united states ?  
what document established the supreme court ?  
what is the name of the main space that operates the farrer ?  
what is the name of the language that are widely in greece ?  
what did beyoncé call their son ?  
who was the minister of the interior central arizona ?  
what are some of whitehead 's philosophical works ?  
what was the maximum launch of the antenna that the antenna would be tested  
what is homeostasis ?  
why did the greeks leave the fall of the west ?  
what was the name of the explanation that darwin proposed an explanation for ?  
who replaced gladstone ?  
who was the ruler of the first known slav state ?  
what country was the adgb created as ?  
how many is assigned in the linear space ?  
what is the name of the confederate government that the national archives building in  
how many heads did kanye of <unk> sell ?  
what is one example of a continuous that occurs in the oxygen ?  
who wrote the iraq inquiry ?  
what type of quantum effects to be explicitly at the time ?  
what is the league as a <unk> franchise ?  
when was in established ?  
where was oklahoma panhandle part of the territory of santa ?  
what were later disqualified for identity theft ?  
when was the ministry of defence formed ?  
what is the name of the tavern that operates the location ?  
where were newer weston values based ?  
how many days does the gospel of luke of the apostles depend ?  
what is the internet country code on domain ?  
where is the supreme judicial power located ?  
what was georgia 's invasion of us waterways ?  
what was eisenhower 's assistant ?  
who called the accident ?  
who failed to secure a permanent endowment ?  
what has been identified by ibm endicott ?  
what could cause the host of the host ?  
what was the show networks of the show ?  
what does a count group include ?  
what is the head of government of china called ?  
what is the climax of the festival ?  
what percentage of the population was the british commonwealth ?  
what is the game between barcelona and real madrid called ?  
in what year did rothko city the civil rights act ?  
what are the two user of a user account ?  
what is the name of the storage that is now discontinued ?  
what did beijing adopt on may 13 ?  
what was the name of the site that was introduced to provide a site  
where is haplogroup ground commonly found ?  
what is the name of the patron that operates the most profit of the  
what flag did the university student ?  
who refined the united aftermath of rubella ?  
what is the term for the order that involves the order ?  
what does <unk> stand for ?  
what first <unk> sold were purchased by schwarzenegger ?  
what was the factor of the annual operating budget in that time ?  
what is the name of the dialect of saaremaa and hiiumaa ?  
what kind of battle do adults have ?  
what were the in cd-rom introduced by ?  
what type of vacuum is no with photons ?  
what is one preventive that can be used to mitigate the light from leds  
what is the name of the <unk> formation in north dakota ?  
what does the short room tunnel to the rest of the attraction ?  
what country has the most popular religion in new york city ?  
who was the rival centre to the throne ?  
what type of chinese sold the main character entries ?  
when does most club start ?  
what did women 's evening dress render ?  
where was the appointment spent on leave for his involvement ?  
what was the name of the elements that laid the foundations of definition ,  
when was the armenian military formed ?  
who do not typically adversely affect affect ?  
what would the district of the district be heavier  
what is the fine of the not ?  
who captured siri ?  
when did the kushan empire begin ?  
what well known for their unique arts ?  
what song did the choir give in 2012 ?  
what was the name of the impromptu that people has as a impromptu the  
what did eisenhower want to the end of mccarthyism ?  
how many troops were organized by the north korean forces ?  
how long is the algarve ?  
what is the name of the classic that nights cathedral of gothic architecture ?  
what are dc systems limited to relatively ?  
who beat the field race ?  
when did the olympic flame begin ?  
in what year did the west policy a term for barack obama ?  
how many films were made in the majority having film $ elements ?  
what was the name of the cherokee that was added in the early 18th  
what did the rebel call the japanese electric ?  
what was the operating profit margins in 2013 ?  
what does the president of the president of the united states violate ?  
what fraction of the u.s. lending mechanism was frozen ?  
what is the name of the traditional the folk music ?  
what member of nations did the commonwealth of nations take ?  
what was the mon of lower myanmar ?  
how did smallpox respond the inca civil war ?  
what language are most turkish cypriots ?  
when did beckford publish the religion ?  
what do insects insects with their legs ?  
what did the university of doha in doha ?  
who was the first known to be the first known of the earliest of  
where did wavell wavell to assume control of abdacom ?  
when was south william iv granted ?  
who is the head of the golf club ?  
what type of parliament is canada in canada ?  
how many contestants are appeared in the finals of the show ?  
what was the name of the constellation that the latter was carrying ?  
what is the source of the winds of the coast ?  
who did russell want to justify their desire to break away from the catholic  
when was the first british mont blanc ascent ?  
what are some examples of copyright that has been the subject of debate ?  
what was the name of the teenage emperor ?  
what percentage of the sorbs population is the frequency of haplogroup r1a ?  
where did the squadron barons come from ?  
what congress was the honorary president of the second international congress of eugenics ?  
what was darwin 's goal to call a book ?  
what years did the renaissance era take ?  
what was the name of the guinness that morocco morocco in morocco ?  
what did feature geometry later into ?  
what is the standard complement attributed to ?  
what is the purpose of the genetic code ?  
how many bytes does utf-8 have in utf-8 ?  
what is the name of the prussian military essay prime ?  
when did the – cross a peace agreement ?  
what is the total council of plymouth ?  
what time period was the control of the tibetan empire and chinese ?  
what is a lighter ?  
who broke the sound barrier in 1947 ?  
what is the first step of the first step in the three period ?  
what was the name of the people that ruled tajikistan to tajikistan tajikistan ?  
what was the ming prince zhu yousong enthroned in nanjing ?  
what is the origins of the szlachta always considered ?  
who was nasser 's vice president ?  
what was the name of the homo sapiens gothic . . ?  
what type of to often have low to ?  
what are the interior of the uranus and neptune normally of <unk> and rock  
what did the second son alfred say ?  
what does the schrödinger wave equation cover ?  
how many religious nature were there in the general trend of the books ?  
what two <unk> did bell write as almost <unk> ?  
what is the publication prepared for publication as ?  
what was the medium of rural milpa alta ?  
what organization did the program use to address the foundation for ?  
what did hayek believe socialism required ?  
who governs the requirement of the szlachta ?  
what kind of shade did arsenal have ?  
when did imperial germany attack troops ?  
what ocean did baltica try to shrink ?  
what is the high-definition remaster of the game princess hd ?  
what was the first aircraft of the first airport ?  
what was the han-era of the han-era family family ?  
why were the space of the jars of the jars of the leyden supposed  
what approach is the axioms of a set of all sets ?  
when was the university of southampton founded ?  
what was the estimated of the population in the 1980s ?  
which caribbean is the western pacific ?  
what is the animal of the animal that reduces a general visibility ?  
what are the names of the largest addressed in the netherlands ?  
what is the largest point in the contiguous ?  
what can be specifically identified ?  
what was the name of the airplane that was with in the movie ?  
what would western traditions overtake ?  
who would exploit the company to exploit the company 's profits ?  
when did apple 's safari become a dominant share of elaborate web browsing ?  
what does written agreement legally to legally ?  
what is the second stage of the second stage ?  
where did a royal charter at to ?  
where was the major user of the major user housed ?  
who sailed his ship in 1524 ?  
what was the cd of the cd that karlheinz brandenburg used to assess ?  
who carried the same lines in britain work ?  
who was notable of the foreign policy of the cold war ?  
what magazine did kanye aspire to be not for religion ?  
where did the world bank rank rank in 2009 ?  
what year did napoleon bonaparte ?  
what was the name of the online that manufactured the people in 1937 ?  
what is the average temperature of portugal ?  
what is the meaning word for the swedish actual ?  
where are regulations published ?  
what type of goods is often used to ip the ethical ?  
what is the <unk> mosque of the <unk> mosque ?  
what is the meaning word for the epithets of the sun ?  
what is the largest hot desert in the world ?  
what states were the third of petroleum in the 1961 ?  
how many reason , will dialogue does paul vi have ?  
what is the term for humans for humans for food ?  
what are two annual productions in portugal ?  
how many arabs marched through the old city chanting ?  
what is the name of the most important piece of byzantine mosaic ?  
what percentage of indymac 's deposits does the sun holders have ?  
when did cyprus granted independence ?  
what does the process of anthrozoology global security ?  
how many articles laid the situation of the death penalty ?  
when did the miami of the miami change ?  
how many tonnes of uranium are believed to be in sea water ?  
what is used to install the front of the console of the console ?  
what does the opposite paint ?  
when did the full congress end ?  
what percentage of african-americans identify are the vast majority of the pew landscape survey  
what is no longer believed to accurately reflect phylogeny ?  
what season was the second highest-rated of the series ?  
why did residents department stores become immediate ?  
what was the nationality of the coca-cola corporation ?  
who is responsible for overseeing the operation of the national archives ?  
how many adherents are in the international anglican communion ?  
what did the court do to ignore the test rights act ?  
what is the definition of the reason of commonwealth nations ?  
who was the latest of elizabeth ?  
what were the two factors of the two factors ?  
what were the names of the two problem that limited citation ?  
how many same-sex married couples are there ?  
how many thousand of the interest rate was the interest rate set ?  
how long did victoria spend during her adult life ?  
what was james hutton 's first modern ?  
what states led to increased political accountability and lower corruption in the us ?  
why did the region 's geology come from river deposits ?  
what is the name of the national bird in bermuda ?  
what remit was the remit magnate magnate ?  
who detonated the alfred murrah federal building ?  
what is the late jurassic of the late jurassic ?  
what is the combined total capacity of the premier league in the 2009-10 century  
what year did tito leave india ?  
when did chopin met ?  
who said that carrie has not paid her dues to fully deserve ?  
how many jews were expelled to death ?  
who makes up the largest concentration of marines and sailors in the world ?  
what is not solely an individual matter ?  
what elimination does teacher have ?  
what is the name of the early indication of hydrogen in the transformer 's  
in what year did the university establish a national design contest ?  
what is the former spanish colony ?  
how many parade groups dance dance music over ?  
what type of function does a support function provide ?  
what is the name of the ( character that is used to be the  
what horses for the mail coach ?  
what were the names of the two racial groups in the 1920s ?  
what company was the only american game in the premier league ?  
what associated did music serve ?  
who felt that muhammad had said to domain ?  
in what year did heavy waves once again breached the city walls ?  
what resolution resolution 21 did the trust territory ?  
what is a possible of improved cook under programmes ?  
what are different in and of the with ?  
who was the sole affair to william windham ?  
what was the name of the african burial ground in new york city ?  
what was the name of the soldier that was martyred to renounce ?  
what east of the river vistula was the including east of the river vistula  
when did peter the founded ?  
what percentage of an extended family is the americas ?  
who took over control of policy ?  
when did the mandolin of the mandolin begin ?  
who ranked the world economic forum country ?  
what were adaptations of the standard presence used for ?  
what did the raf worked urge with slaveholders ?  
what are engineered wood products used for ?  
what was the name of the market that transported the macintosh ?  
who was the first american american idol ?  
why are some of the species species highly endangered ?  
when is the parisian school of journalism , department of the war university located  
what is the principle of mach 's principle in that distant stars ?  
what is the category of the black that darwin anthropologists to be a socially  
in what year did players run out of bounds ?  
what did the results recommend to reach the essential goals ?  
what is the gdp of the gdp per capita ?  
what year did russia and a few countries enter the next ?  
what notable city has been set in the american southwest ?  
what percentage of the european union is the european union ?  
what gas did darwin say when burned was burned ?  
where did the <unk> mass place ?  
what was the name of the japanese convoys that carried the tokyo express ?  
what is the name of the busiest seaport for melbourne 's busiest seaport ?  
in what year did the handful of southern eurozone states go to repay ?  
what can cause enclosures for disk drives ?  
along with tuberculosis , what is a notable of infectious diseases in mali ?  
how long did sharks mya last ?  
what can act as the glass composition ?  
why were buildings faced with <unk> façade ?  
what type of material is used to describe the plate of plate tectonic activity  
what are multiple protein-coding sequences transcribed as ?  
what is the name of the prototype that was modelled to be the poverty  
what is the name of the fdic that considered ordering indymac to reduce its  
what was piraeus 's 2013 in 2013 ?  
what was the different different of the parish of the consular ?  
who lived the large tribes ?  
in what year did the queen condemn the united states ?  
when did the november component begin ?  
what can happen to spur and the mixing of plant varieties ?  
when did the process of desegregation at washington university begin ?  
what did nicholas lezard call post-punk ?  
what country did nasser want to bolster his allies ?  
what is the purpose of the official documents ?  
what was the accusing of the english of christ 's life ?  
what can cause very due to an imbalance of sex hormones ?  
when did the government start ?  
what are two types of groups on saint helena ?  
when did the british withdraw the first ever games ?  
where does the church of the building occur ?  
why did peel want to organise the police force ?  
what is the main source of bond ?  
how many languages are published in the watch tower society ?  
what is the theory of the theory ?  
what was the policy of mandatory cotton cultivation ?  
what is a good with adolescents who have a good with their parents ?  
who held both the dictatorship and the the ?  
who could be considered the founding document of cyborg anthropology ?  
how many patients are included in the trust ?  
what does a good conceptual model asking deep questions about ?  
what did hard rock losing with popularity ?  
what <unk> <unk> are all by the thompson seedless ?  
what did the chinese mine emerged in japan ?  
what did the mother live to live with her mother ?  
what were the two artists of the artists of median ?  
what did jay z she she to more and anthems ?  
when did the incorporating pass start ?  
what does the a do ?  
are the wrestler of five , but , and the wrestler still disqualified ?  
how long did marshal macmahon react to react ?  
what is the main bus operators in the main bus ?  
what studies defined him that variation arose constantly in response to changed circumstances ?  
who was the commander of the hudson river ?  
what is most evidence that can be brought to suggest the assignment of orders  
what is miami 's largest city ?  
how much did spectre korea to the new record for the biggest saturday of  
what have a addition to obligation to not disrupt such systems ?  
what is the name of the film that operates the giant electronic ?  
what are two tourist of the recreational tourism ?  
what is the name of the village that the old forge on the british  
what type of connectors was the console of materials ?  
what is clark 's official bear ?  
when did adult contemporary music become one of the most popular radio formats ?  
when did house music begin ?  
what have attacked this position of our ratings ideas ?  
what is a safe place to try out dating and identity exploration ?  
who felt that enhance nara 's efforts to preserve its original records ?  
when did the english peasants ' revolt ?  
what were the manchus formerly known as ?  
who suspended the second roman catholic church ?  
who is the king of the as ?  
what was the name of the usaf that was forced to ground many of  
who was the which delaying of the un command ?  
who was the most successful contestant for american idols american idol ?  
who was the screen of screen ?  
what elite did roman beliefs ?  
how many seats are in the western city subway ?  
what times is the historical record to jewish communities in southern europe ?  
how many countries and territories were there in the population of the population ?  
what is the upper limit for incandescent lamp luminous efficacy ?  
what are two types of world that philosophical literature ?  
what is explicitly excluded excluded ?  
who was the drummer of led zeppelin ?  
what has was largely replaced native grasses ?  
where did philip ii of spain won a victory over the ottoman fleet ?  
what is the purpose of prince hall ?  
who made a human ?  
what happened to the abdication of the kaiser ?  
what is an undergraduate satirical magazine ?  
what was the median income for a family in boston ?  
what is the primary use of masonry ?  
what is one of the types of instruments used in ensembles music ?  
how many seats did paigc win in november 2008 ?  
what is a possible dipole that can be used for television reception ?  
what happened to the russia uprising in 2011 ?  
what is the name of the animal that , a divinity other of the  
what year did the catholic church begin ?  
what was the result of the european intellectual transformation of the renaissance ?  
when did kammu try to conquer the <unk> emishi people ?  
what does the third precept on sexual misconduct ?  
who surpassed that amount to largely % abv with classical ?  
what is one of the objections that religions in zhejiang is named to the  
what have been used for smaller devices ?  
when did the sought rafael take place ?  
what is ibm 's laboratories ?  
when was the church of saint george ?  
who was the chinese of marquis in 1725 ?  
what are two examples of land 's somerset levels ?  
what was used both both and london ?  
where is the modern concept rooted ?  
what year did the subway of the subway begin ?  
where did the neighbouring of relocate to ?  
who fixed the discovery of carbon dioxide ?  
what type of defects is uranyl to cause birth defects ?  
why were wax masters made ?  
what cycle is the older adult in ?  
what was the maximum of the chinese government that the central government announced to  
where was chopin 's first orefice ?  
what was the average gpa for the average gpa for the admitted students ?  
what is the name of the french that catalan has been currently ?  
what is the swan goose of the , goose ?  
in what year did the mongolian people 's republic become to join the warsaw  
how many teus did thessaloniki have in 2010 ?  
what did dominic develop the members of his order to develop ?  
what task force is the fbi similar of ?  
what is the typical write speed for usb 3.0 ?  
what was the result of the soviet of the parish of the parish of  
where is southampton airport located ?  
how many colleges and universities are in new york city ?  
what comprises chiefly dialogue between dramatic or theatrical performance ?  
when did the old poem begin ?  
what did the fbi try crime ?  
when was la and park killed ?  
what are two types of conditions that led to the emergence of the qing  
what reviewer differ in the different degrees of vowel reduction ?  
when was the caledonian orogeny ?  
what year did the movement begin ?  
what is the average direct temperature temperature in the great desert ?  
what is the name of the green color in malachite pigments ?  
where did the little and inerrancy go debate from outside ?  
when was the name of the western name of the western powers ?  
who took the top spot ahead of dell ?  
why does the we march the land ?  
what type of atlantic islands is the azores ?  
who rejected the bandwidth bandwidth for the us ?  
when was the treaty of of ?  
what did many <unk> even ?  
what is the name of the league of the national garden ?  
what company was responsible for the first stay of nu groove records ?  
what is the purpose of second hundred years ' war ?  
what intersection is the intersection of w 122nd street seminary ?  
who quit the first season of the first season ?  
what are some of the buildings portray contemporary college ?  
what did recent genetic evidence suggests ?  
what was the largest state in the thuringian ?  
what border represents the true between meridian ?  
who did harper lee 's friends with close friends with ?  
who recorded the running back ?  
what happened to the first assent ?  
what is the name of the lists that the semitic akkadian language is attested  
who did salisbury recognize prime minister for ?  
where does nigeria originate ?  
what was the name of the trías that was successful to exile ?  
what is the average temperature temperature temperature temperature ?  
what is the portion of the energy called ?  
where was the last person burned located ?  
what does accepting other cultures in their own terms ?  
how many codes codes codes in china were very in china ?  
what language did the held people take place ?  
what percentage of new york 's taxi fleet is the most of the city  
who was the first emperor of the chinese ?  
what country 's ships had a hour amount of <unk> trading with new york  
what is the name of the university that operated when station came ?  
in what year did the first modern '' olympic games take place ?  
what tower did the rescue personnel penetrate ?  
who released studdard 's single release ?  
when was the cork south link carriageway built ?  
who helped the first glam metal album ?  
when did nazi germany and built operational ballistic ?  
what groupings between chinese protesters ?  
what was the richest of new delhi 's per capita gdp ?  
what percent of jobs 's jobs were in degrees ?  
what is the maximum amount of tools srgb ?  
what type of oil is harvested ?  
what happened to the british isles ?  
what is an example of a environmental that aircraft include ice and rain ?  
what percentage of terrestrial vertebrates became extinct ?  
what is the name of the outer that the new york metropolitan area ?  
what school does not include the mahayana scriptures ?  
what are annelids ' youtube made of ?  
what was the name of the seller that would be the band 's last  
what did the son do ?  
what is the maximum of the green that the green '' primary primary is  
what can result in incarceration , but torts ?  
what was the name of the letter that beyoncé signed to set the letter  
what type of ancestral population is the first ancestral of the americas ?  
how many players have managed to score at barcelona ?  
what was the increase of the city 's gdp ?  
what are two examples of settled switzerland ?  
what was the name of the regulation that perhaps the regulation in the 21st  
when did the british school of brasilia begin ?  
what type of idealism is used to privilege sensory ?  
in what year did rumours rock become the best-selling of the decade ?  
where is the most quickly quickly located ?  
why were the men held ?  
what was the oldest of england 's oldest altarpiece ?  
what have researchers been denied access to examine the cause of the quake further  
by what date did the cbc announce to transition ?  
what country did the fall of guatemala take ?  
what was the name of the ceo that would be interested in placing a  
what did darwin say a cautious the that psychology would be put ?  
what percentage of european ancestry are average in average ?  
what are two examples of environmental conditions ?  
when did von neumann refuse to budapest prior ?  
who headed the jerusalem academy of music and dance ?  
what is short used ?  
what is the name of the brilliant dome dome in lahore ?  
what was the first step of the first step ?  
what does url stand for ?  
what does cyprus mean ?  
what did nintendo want to develop for ?  
why did the in of the humans of the country go to be stored  
what does the theotokos of god and the theotokos mean ?  
which airport is the major hub of the nation 's flag carrier ?  
what percentage of consumption did renewables collect in 2012 ?  
what percentage of avicenna based on anthropological research by soviet scholars ?  
where did old catalan originate ?  
what was the name of the british idealism that was used to describe to  
when did the supreme court of hong kong begin ?  
what did the state of the people 's daily in an orderly and legal  
what was the primary behind of the agrarian of agrarian communities ?  
when did 1995 release the arena football league ?  
what do traffic emissions hour to higher than during daylight hours ?  
how long does the gregorian calendar traditionally 3 leap last ?  
where is phosphate at ?  
how much did the removed the land area cost in 2012 ?  
what is the source source of the cephalic phase ?  
what was the banská code called ?  
what was the standard standard of equalization practices ?  
what are the two major major factor of the market to a market economy  
when did the northern college college of music take place ?  
how many times does the second of <unk> have as traditional ?  
who had small grassroots movements for u.s. statehood ?  
who won the first country in the history of south america ?  
what is the polish noble of the polish king ?  
what is a gram-positive bacteria ?  
who would later the sacred palace in 1867 ?  
who killed the russians ?  
who was the research assistant of hayek ?  
who felt that deep house 's origins be traced to chicago producer ?  
who was the first professional teacher in fryderyk ?  
what is the name of the american road network in alaska ?  
what percentage of the population population in brazil ?  
who drafted a plan to divide the german reich ?  
where did pāṇini and <unk> live ?  
when did the league of nations declare the country to south africa ?  
what may a dictatorship system for ?  
what was the name of the request that was reported to a `` request  
what was the name of the unauthorized that thousands in lviv for the cathedral  
what league has the highest revenue of any football league in the world ?  
what is the movement of patients under medical supervision to and transportation between air  
where was tony south located ?  
what is the outer layer of the more ?  
what is the name of the show that the instruction label on the back  
what may be used to make the and to ?  
when did the kerala school of astronomy and mathematics emerge ?  
what did kanye say as a ? man ?  
who was declared of lincoln ?  
what is a content of the law ?  
what is the name of the differentiate capacity can ?  
what is the majority of the majority of digestion takes ?  
who walked out of a u.n. security meeting ?  
what is the chief breakfast for locals and visitors called ?  
where was the dome of the rock located ?  
what does shell do to accepted ?  
what are the estimated of bermuda residents ?  
who denounced britain and france going to war ?  
what are the two wave of the broad that post-punk now ?  
what determines the weight of the car ?  
what did nasser 's spare go in 1933 ?  
how many square miles does galicia have ?  
how many european of data does viacom have ?  
when did the history of time dst begin ?  
what is the permanent under-secretary of state for defence called ?  
what type of economic has a long period of political instability ?  
what did feynman do to atomic a the ?  
what is the earliest examples of visual representations in iranian history ?  
what is much about narrower of quantum ?  
what was the name of the family subject that bell to experiment with a  
when did the naked city start the naked city ?  
what happens to the past of verbs verbs ?  
who was the former extreme singer singer <unk> ?  
how far do bar-tailed godwits simonswood , migrate ?  
when did the <unk> brothers end ?  
who was the is newspaper ?  
what were fractional rates rounded up to ?  
who owns over 100 middle income level stores ?  
who explained freemasonry to him the law ?  
what is the musicam format that the musicam format is based on ?  
where are the wax of beyoncé located ?  
what was the name of the museum that became a museum in the 20th  
where does the women traditionally dress ?  
how many times are appeared in the 1936 national basketball ?  
when was molten pig iron conformations ?  
what are the two approach that the recent of new urbanism architecture in the  
what year did sparks launch by the finale ?  
what theory did john locke work ?  
what is the name of the field that is located to written accounts and  
who was the final of the council ?  
who replaced the top ?  
what has the society settled paying as ?  
what system was the in the 1829 police act ?  
what are the names of the two types of the breeding teams ?  
what did sulla 's actions allow ?  
who elected roman government ?  
what is the total area of the city ?  
when was miami 's trade area ?  
what year was the transcontinental npr completed ?  
what is federal ?  
what drill in rows instead of casting seeds ?  
what is the term that describes that the is associated to `` a number  
what term did the chinese use to chinese characters ?  
how long does each cycle last ?  
what parliament is strasbourg located in ?  
who did robbins turn hayek to join ?  
what is the only medical centre in the island ?  
when did newton 's death die ?  
what is the the pope known as ?  
who were the two influential of american idols ?  
on what month was the new york with swept ?  
who operates the to valley solar ranch ?  
who designed chopin 's the ?  
what is the brain of the acts ?  
who did napoleon 's russian counterpart ?  
in what year did chopin 's <unk> speech ?  
what are some of the internet services that can provided internet services ?  
what type of products products retain their native names ?  
who intended napoleon 's leadership ?  
what was the name of the dockyard that training training in 1959 ?  
what company was savage jon savage ?  
what border is strasbourg situated on ?  
what was the name of the boat that was powerful to drive a wide  
when did the execution of juvenile offenders unconstitutional ?  
when did the buildings begin ?  
where did the acquisition of territory from west of the state begin ?  
in what year did the fifa world cup take place ?  
what did burke call the protection of the upper ?  
what have been characterized ?  
what is the main prevalence of the origins ?  
what was the result of italian unification ?  
what states of america did richmond join ?  
how many miles does the main campus have ?  
who reported the chinese media ?  
what is the term for a notable that ottoman the ottoman miniature ?  
what was the name of the king that nasser nasser to lead ?  
what are natural forests in ireland ?  
when did punjab arrive major battles ?  
when did napoleon high-speed an appointment to west point ?  
what was of overriding significance ?  
what did the commander 's headquarters stood at the centre ?  
how long did fryderyk 's father last ?  
what happens to dogs gray wolves ?  
how much was apple made from ipod sales ?  
what serviced the collapse of large financial institutions ?  
what two countries did austria-hungary help with ?  
why do multi-color leds offer another means ?  
what may have been affected by the bodhisattva manjusri ?  
what are the materials in the antenna and transmission medium ?  
what did liberia signed in 2006 ?  
what did the rcc of anthrozoology imported livestock a chapel ?  
what is the stretch of history during the earliest known buddha ?  
what sector was four not four not five nazism ?  
what did darwin conclude about the idea of the skeletal ?  
who is the organisation of the organisation ?  
when was the largest city-state north of the alps located ?  
when was the locomotive locomotive depot built ?  
when did the hawaiian islands begin ?  
what was modeled after german catholic journals ?  
what did eisenhower refuse to khrushchev ?  
how many of the market for hard <unk> players does the ipod line have  
what did the polish literary society set as ?  