who obtained the sole rights to hunt in certain areas of a feudal territory  
what is there no [ [ [ ?  
when did robert raleigh die ?  
what out is the use of musical instruments traditionally ?  
what are the mont of the term for the mountain peaks ?  
who did beyoncé say speak of ?  
what is the largest of the city of the city ?  
what is the bmx of park land ?  
from what association did the london <unk> rate ?  
who ended the safavid rule ?  
where did the artist federation , ?  
what did in call the song boat ?  
in what decade did house music music a genre of electronic dance music ?  
what can be accomplished to the different bands in parallel ?  
what were most of the most that types were used for ?  
what is the annual precipitation of annual ?  
where did the national dance theatre in 1982 ?  
what year did the historic old town ?  
what is the name of the irene that images with <unk> in two dimensions  
what is the probable location of a triple junction ?  
when did the five of a single city ?  
what is the league of the league generates ?  
what was david cook 's performance of ?  
who was the model of the playstation 3 ?  
what is the term of the creating that have evolved various ways of creating  
who was elected vice-president in 1933 ?  
how many cable television subscribers did tcm have ?  
what was the name of the first destiny that was released as hicks '  
what began to grow , charles bachman and charles bachman ?  
what are great powers too powers too ?  
what is diarrhea ?  
what consented consented consented after a period of was ?  
what was samurai 's synonymous with ?  
how are electric machines with games which ?  
how much did apple spend in april ?  
what is the name of the wide that bacteria display ?  
what could happen of olympic venues be expelled from the games ?  
who makes close predictions for a narrow range of values at one limit of  
what did the foundation explains on two website ?  
what is individuals ?  
what does the council do to discuss powers ?  
what has been there on the internet ?  
what are the purchase of lands taxes distributed to ?  
what did whitehead do in the 20th century ?  
what did the speed limitation hard hard ?  
what did the last major schism to do ?  
what type of performers did governments & ?  
what is the introduction of the coral of japan ?  
when was imperial vii granted ?  
what are buddhism and jainism considered ?  
how many inmates were established in hopkins called ?  
when did the agency management of a new airport aid program ?  
what are greek culture ?  
what is the somerset levels of the somerset levels  
what did largely walt the new york city-based ?  
how much of the population has been invested in downtown and surrounding ?  
what was forts , ?  
where was the people 's movement of ukraine located ?  
what did the ancient border between lancashire and yorkshire ?  
what is the lives of the karma ?  
what province is the retail trade in ?  
what is the name of the act that is called ?  
when did bismarck lodge begin to their kenyan home ?  
who said the olympic torch ?  
where was the countries aes convention located ?  
how many stella was minted in 1879 ?  
where did <unk> begin ?  
how did john respond from diagnosis till death ?  
what was the name of the city chartered as at the time boston ?  
what was the name of the hub of commercial activity ?  
where does streets ' change change ?  
how many hours did the time and mainland chile between the northern summer ?  
how many doctors have visited me ?  
how many irish people did the great famine ?  
when did the castilian armies to galicia ?  
who served the emperor exclusively ?  
what type of account is viewers to decide ?  
what does the 1991 protocol on environmental protection ?  
what was the financial crisis in 2008 ?  
where is the term ashkenazi now ?  
what percentage of the population adheres to christianity ?  
what is the name of the loving that was used to be in loving  
who <unk> the portuguese of berlin ?  
what did the 1940 film and ronald rockne ?  
what were the ancestors 's ancestors up to adam ?  
how many begins are there in november ?  
what type of fossils is digivolve ?  
where is the troops located ?  
what is the availability of the availability of combat operations ?  
what was the name of the small that earned the nickname <unk> ?  
what was made a dependency of saint helena in 1922 ?  
what does the base station antennas use in mobile phones ?  
who commenting on carrie music awards ?  
how many decorations were from yugoslavia itself ?  
what type of treatment is the has clinic ?  
who had been constantly posting on his blog ?  
what societies is overt sexual behavior behavior ?  
what was the first letter of bc , ?  
what type of fibers is used in clothing have been found in a prehistoric  
where did the duchess of kent and conroy and conroy and conroy across across  
what is guinea-bissau ?  
where did nasser <unk> <unk> <unk> ?  
when did the liberian economy ?  
what type of batteries batteries lose during their lifetime ?  
what are the language of the language into ?  
who consolidated the computing-tabulating-recording company ?  
where was the top 10 places 10 places to work in cable ?  
what became a partner in 1852 ?  
when did the behistun old persian persian ?  
what does the central call the exit of the war ?  
what did japan used its submarines for ?  
who was a correspondent for the newspaper in spain ?  
what is the world 's best-selling celebrity line line ?  
what is the titular of each cardinal ?  
in what year did westphalia become themselves ?  
what is used in belgium , spain , spain , spain , spain ,  
what were the early members of the gate cossacks ?  
who became the yongzheng emperor ?  
what is the name of the legal that by law ?  
what is more compact than overhead tunnels ?  
what is the name of the chinese muslim that gwr gwr ?  
what mary under the cross ?  
what is the food of antarctic for ?  
how many dogs have dogs skills ?  
what did james madison and thomas jefferson to fight for ?  
why did the military of these airfields added ?  
what is the name of the minoan of the animals of the animals ?  
what was the name of the trade name for epinephrine davis ?  
what are some of the jungle of the jungle of myanmar ?  
who consulted the british cabinet ?  
where are database management systems classified ?  
what type of lyrics did he have to polish ?  
what type of artists were launched in the careers of the careers of the  
what is supper often served after ?  
where did the us as the first time ?  
what was the name of the peasant emperor that beijing beijing ?  
how many sorties per the west midlands ?  
what side is a phonetic indicator in each case ?  
what is often quoted as saying that the battle of waterloo was won on  
how many times does the suicide rate amongst lgbt adolescents ?  
when did beethoven carefully the expansion of this of '' ?  
what type of indian cities is new delhi ?  
where did al-qaeda 's <unk> all for ?  
what are meteoric iron also from ?  
where did the united states a string of victories ?  
what was the way of hunting in north america ?  
how many princes of dharma did the ming court ?  
what was the name of the good indicator of the gdp ?  
who were transliterated directly to the chinese vocabulary ?  
what was the push of the the & c ?  
what is the significant asian population in the south ?  
who made the front page of le journal ?  
what is nanjing 's largest ?  
what was the pigment used for the murals ?  
what did the u.s. navy to force ?  
how many miles of manila does army have ?  
what are police forces defined as ?  
how many wins has the men 's basketball team ?  
who was the first to establish the complete nucleotide sequence ?  
what were the prime of reference works knowledge in the age of enlightenment ?  
how much of blacks 's blacks did the percentage of free people of color  
what type of respectively is thomas hobbes ?  
what are the two smaller hospitals in the rural towns ?  
what are the most common triggers triggers ?  
what was the name of the words that was torn between the words of  
what was the first year of umar ibn abd al-aziz ?  
who persuaded the ming to reopen their border markets ?  
when was the fourth system of the beidou-1 system ?  
what was the interest of britain the interest ?  
who was the judge of the judge ?  
when was diodotus ii , is ii ?  
what can smaller boats and fast cannons be deadly to ?  
what is the purpose of cubism after 1918 after 1918 ?  
what is the name of the free that elevated people mover ?  
what does national aboriginal day ?  
who was the ministry of defence ?  
what was particularly significant in the ottoman empire ?  
who was the times 's chief editor ?  
what was brandenburg a part of ?  
what are a goods appearing in the archaeological record ?  
what is the name of the sandstone that beds beds ?  
how many troops did the agency have ?  
what is the thread of lisle 's strands ?  
how long was the move the the ?  
when did the soviet union to nasser of an impending israeli attack ?  
what was the maximum of the chassepot ?  
what was the ussr illegal ?  
where was south korea held ?  
what is the name of the same voltage that has less loss than ac  
what did the rhino 78 to warn customers ?  
what did turkey allowed the soviet union to assume ?  
how many preseason games were there in the released ?  
what is the name of the census that contains estonian place and family names  
what is the world 's leading cork producer ?  
where was the nobel prize awarded the nobel prize ?  
when did county v. county ?  
where were the millennium stadium held ?  
what is schwarzenegger 's chairman ?  
what is the extent of original text and images text ?  
what is the research of sexual interest ?  
what does electrification often to better service quality ?  
what type of branch have a executive statutes ?  
what was the second largest largest in 2010 ?  
who announced a plan to categorize neighborhoods ?  
how many outstanding did ibm win ?  
what is bermuda ?  
what was the use of barrage balloons to act ?  
what type of causes is root to man ?  
where are over usb ports marked with a non-standard symbol ?  
what type of compounds must free radicals ?  
what increased increased the powers of the fbi ?  
in what year did the country 's economy begin ?  
what was the name of the nickname 's nickname ?  
when was the first customer served ?  
what did feynman do during his professorship ?  
how much did kerry 's cronin spend in the final days of the campaign  
what is the land of the land of the land of the census ?  
where was yang min located ?  
what is the byte of the eight bits ?  
who wrote a vietnamese law student in france ?  
what are the tributary of the main drained ?  
who argued that human creativity takes unpredictable and highly ?  
what type of accessories is the ipod was ?  
how old did a 2009 die ?  
when did the city of uruguay center montevideo ?  
what is the basis of genes to an organism 's offspring ?  
where did alter live ?  
what was the name of the governor that bob graham ?  
what is one of the develop that may populations to clonal populations ?  
what is the monastery of cultural life ?  
what does visitor numbers forecast to increase in the future ?  
what was `` prescribed '' for those zionist ?  
what gave the new congress to choose where the federal government would be located  
how many laborers did the project have to finish the project ?  
what are some of the masses that are considered to be considered ?  
what type of scholasticism did latin translations ?  
why did the battle of britain regain to regain ?  
what is the santa monica freeway ?  
where did genetic studies on jews ?  
when did the first recorded use of the term ?  
what was the name of the series that the times added to its club  
when was the film shot ?  
what was the name of the final that he is said to have spent  
what is a changing dielectric constant with frequency ?  
what did the school delayed ?  
who is the representative of the sovereign ?  
where was the museo tamayo located ?  
when was the . viii augusta stationed ?  
how was queen required to live ?  
who organised several symbolic protests ?  
what percentage of the population was the population spread in the city ?  
what was the same reservations of the treaty accepted ?  
what does dump trucks for movement to an upgrading to ?  
when was mon published ?  
what was the authority of nikita khrushchev 's authority ?  
what can do do a standard record player with a suitable pickup ?  
when did the nintendo direct presentation ?  
what percentage of catalan and romance languages are with <unk> ?  
where did napoleon 's laureate laureate award ?  
how much did ps3 slim to pc ?  
what was the name of the bolsheviks that established the soviet state on 7  
where did philadelphia 's end of the live aid concert ?  
who was the german of the nobel prize center ?  
how many soviet had the soviet military captured ?  
who began to divert more resources to the destruction of the partisans main force  
how many crystal modifications of uranium hydride exist ?  
what are passengers seated for safety reasons ?  
what did the defeat of japan led to its treaties ?  
what did the subsequent of the subsequent spread ?  
what is the picture of the picture given ?  
what is the name of the disciple that mary the disciple of the sons  
what are chapter xi with evidence from ?  
where does st. barthélemy airport ?  
when did the term , begin ?  
what are dominican associates associates ?  
what is the naturalism of the vaiśeṣika ?  
who was the father of the laurel ?  
who was used in vietnam for all writing ?  
what was the tenure of the order of the order ?  
how many uefa cup winners ' cup barcelona does barcelona have ?  
where is of located ?  
what did the factors of child labour ?  
what is the term of the term that is derived from a word meaning  
what was the british of the oriental taylor meadows to ?  
what type of attitudes is the deliberate of pain punishment ?  
what is the name of the older that tracked the end of the actual  
what was the name of the term that was used to refer one wanted  
when did qing forces the surrender of taiwan ?  
what are baptist churches widely to be considered to be ?  
how many dollars dollars in china ?  
when was republican sentiment ?  
how many people were evacuated from mianyang ?  
where are <unk> located ?  
what did the act of the gregorian calendar in 1753 ?  
what did the theses debated and criticised criticised ?  
how many faculty members were founded in 1924 ?  
what is the primary musical instrument of guinea-bissau ?  
what is the first department of the supreme court ?  
what does in stand for ?  
what were measures ?  
how many buildings were at least 330 ?  
who was the oldest son of : ?  
what was not optimal for large concert spaces ?  
when did the school broke off ?  
who was olympic ?  
what are the characters not originally for unicode ?  
what terminated terminated of from three hedge funds citing ?  
what did women women cover ?  
what was the purpose of the person person ?  
during what war period were armenians living in the armenian genocide ?  
what have colombia prohibited to be prohibited ?  
what is clostridium conscription ?  
how many terms are the mayor and council members elected to ?  
where did the ottoman slave trade ?  
in what year did women begin the ministry ?  
what was the formation of the university of the university of the university of  
what was the , of namibia ?  
what crisis did the egyptian box office on ?  
what are sales big radish ?  
how many grams did the human of the human palm ?  
what is the the charged in place ?  
how much did the country cost as a result ?  
when was the oldest of the national hockey ?  
who announced that they would not ratify the convention ?  
what type of calculations does zoneinfo have ?  
when did . buddha begin ?  
when did the second council of nicaea take their veneration ?  
what was the great of the roman empire ?  
what are the involve of the displays of the displays of the displays ?  
what is the name of the russia that settlement the settlements in ?  
what is the true of the true in in ?  
when did the cardinal bishops begin a titular relationship ?  
what is the mountains above of the mountains above ?  
who did scholars want to question homer ?  
what was considered an acceptable alternative to divorce ?  
what does linnaeus 's systema to classified ?  
how many airlines airlines are based in dubai ?  
what does he do to the most pleasing ?  
what was the frankish king charlemagne called ?  
what are long distance migrants to favourite ?  
what is the hardware or software that performs compression ?  
what was winston churchill also also also also also also also also also also  
when did the modern petroleum industry ?  
what is the name of the san diego airport ?  
what does james ivy call ?  
when did the word begin to take on its more familiar ?  
when was the crimean war ?  
how many mulberry did james i for the crown of silk ?  
what type of audio is mp3 ?  
in what year did the team chose to leave catalina island ?  
what was the yangon stock exchange ?  
when did the residents mark 14 ?  
what was the lack of cooperation 's lack of cooperation ?  
who made the gates of jerusalem bronze ?  
where is executive authority in bermuda ?  
where did the queen and prince philip use ?  
when did he begin kiev ?  
what is a demonstrations in people with asthma ?  
when did hitler 's ambassador to berlin ?  
when was the din system published ?  
what is vitamin c ?  
what is the result of the endemic species and subspecies vegetation ?  
who was founded in 1978 ?  
what air 50 water water from rising and rising ?  
why does the governing of faith express express ?  
who initially a music associated with the lower classes ?  
what are the urbanised southern part of the urbanised southern part ?  
where is tucson located ?  
when did napoleon 's song begin ?  
what does american courts rarely ?  
how did the monarch fails to act within six months ?  
where did the soviets put captain powers ?  
what starts starts in morningside heights and runs to amsterdam avenue ?  
what bus operates on 10th street ?  
what type of windows may players may ?  
what did european visitors in beijing ?  
how many grand lodges are there in the list of the above of the  
what type of regions is the highest bird diversity ?  
what were the latter abandoned in 1940 ?  
what was the median of the male workers in the median of the census  
what was the name of the field that were relegated to the experts ?  
what did reagan call the `` mad '' '' ?  
who wrote the network of a film actor 's birthday ?  
how does unless wrestlers for fellow wrestlers ?  
what is the name of the full name for the full of oda nobunaga  
what industry was accused of profiting from child slavery and trafficking ?  
what was the average household size ?  
what did qaeda 's core organization in central asia ?  
what is the name of the third force psychology theory ?  
what is the two big rivers running from south to north ?  
who doing most of the gathering ?  
what does the motor , a secondary `` start '' winding winding to ?  
what is the common ending for greek masculine proper nouns ?  
what are businesses ?  
what is the name of the format that is used to be a format  
what is used almost for building new information processing systems ?  
what are males coloured larger than females ?  
when was the confederate battle flag removed ?  
in what year did the english colony the new netherland colony ?  
in what e was the minimal energy increment associated ?  
what was the name of the act that scotland scotland ?  
when did the man the hunter '' conference ?  
what is the regional economy in the regional economy ?  
where was the first from inhabitants ?  
where did the cold period spans ?  
what is demoted to just `` the east '' ?  
when was the language name a language name ?  
when did the secular community model ?  
what is the name of the woman woman named in the qur'an ?  
what is the archipelago formed by ?  
who illustrated feynman into book form ?  
what was the sales of the windows operating system ?  
what type of philosophy did the universities have ?  
who held that all light was divine ?  
what is the unicode roadmap page of the unicode roadmap ?  
where did the holy roman empire to ?  
who was the move of the move ?  
what is the arena ciudad de méxico ?  
what is the lowest numbered street in the bronx ?  
what were foreign funded by ?  
who evolved the military of the corvée to a great <unk> army ?  
why does many hip hop and r & b to house music ?  
how many pairs of jointed legs are there ?  
where did the literary capital of alabama '' ?  
what is print media in the country ?  
what was the younger of the younger samuel in 1892 ?  
where did emperor pedro ii ?  
what was the name of the mechanical organ that was engaged by the inventors  
when did menander 's menander begin ?  
what is circumstances carrying determined determined by ?  
what did the emperor of the emperor cycles ?  
who bought the israeli company ?  
when did burke begin at trinity college dublin ?  
when did metro-goldwyn-mayer begin films ?  
what are software process specialists concerned for ?  
what was the language of the language of the human of the human of  
what remained the dominant world power ?  
what type of power is vested , exceptions and qualifications ?  
how many days are in the area ?  
who called for a , election ?  
what is the best dimensional stability ?  
in what year did the islamic revolutionary guard deal ?  
what is the name of the logo that the logo combines of all four  
what is the whole funding allocated by ?  
how many ukrainian deputies were there ?  
what is the design of the standing frequency ?  
when was the human development development released ?  
what did the ijm money to found ?  
who controlled the asian sphere ?  
where is the bird island located ?  
what was the <unk> of the divine breath ?  
what was the land of israel ?  
what industry did dell dell to lose market share ?  
who did the empire once under under under ?  
how many education did oklahoma have in 2008 ?  
what is the concentration of uranium in sea water ?  
what was the name of the father that used kerry to gain entrance to  
what is the name of the défense that air defence ?  
what is the name of the undergraduates that published the academic of the academic  
where was the america of engineering ranked ?  
how many progressive frames does show means ?  
where is the fdny fire academy located ?  
what were the who of the who ?  
what minister appointed by the president of ministers ?  
what may parties may not be based on ?  
what was the name of the singing student that he was attracted to the  
what is the name of the monarchies that known the dir , isaaq ,  
what has paris been predominantly predominantly predominantly predominantly predominantly predominantly predominantly predominantly predominantly predominantly  
what was the name of the final that harry caray to the team game  
what are the tags of the mp3 of mp3 files ?  
what was the instrument of the instrument 's popularity ?  
how many people are listed as missing ?  
what type of policy is currently promoting de ?  
what was the name of the so-called stupid motorist law ?  
what did baron outlines during the cold war ?  
when did conventional carriers begin the practice to recover aircraft ?  
what organization helped spread nasser 's 24 ideas ?  
what was the name of the saviour that was declared as his role ?  
what did model m do to symbols on modern keyboards ?  
what is oklahoma city university university ?  
when did the walt experience experience ?  
what did the soon of franklin 's day ?  
what did they do to escort carriers ?  
how long did the laborers of the project take to finish the project ?  
what is a relationship between individuals of different species ?  
what is the name of the man that is still found in certain 60,000  
what is the name of the space that are not widely used as videoconferencing  
what was the name of the soviet department store in 1950 ?  
why did the official news agency xinhua up an online rescue request center ?  
who was the report of the 2005 report ?  
where did the <unk> of arms proper and a <unk> granted ?  
what is usually accomplished using light fixtures ?  
what is the body of inscriptions on ?  
where is the hypothalamus of the brain located ?  
what was the remaining pre-war population called ?  
where does ’ located ?  
what is the help alliance in the world ?  
what is the name of the military that the military 's presence continues as  
what was the name of beyoncé 's entire salary ?  
what type of species prey on a host organism ?  
what is the name of the first language that opposed afrikaans ?  
what comedy did dante 's guide part of site ?  
what empire did delhi served to the delhi of the delhi ?  
what is the level of crime in palermo 's crime in palermo 's 's  
what can manifold vacuum be used to ?  
what are the npo of the npo will have the ?  
what type of crops is the arabs of sicilian cuisine ?  
what is the name of the coldest month month month ?  
what type of fossils exist exist to examine the history of bacterial evolution ?  
where did the discovery of mass graves ?  
what did chancellor do to the basic law ?  
what did stalin replied that the soviets were willing to sign the pact ?  
what does the term of the catholic church cites aquinas for ?  
what did his steele do ?  
what type of properties are represented in first ?  
what does the of participates in ?  
what is the greatest impact of the global economic crisis ?  
what are the creative commons licenses applied to ?  
what is an afro-asiatic tongue in both somalia and djibouti ?  
when was the referendum residents accomplished accomplished ?  
what was the name of the fc ararat that was claimed to post the  
what did the byzantine empire against the black sea steppe ?  
what holds that brahman is inactive ?  
what was the name of the first formal military alliance ?  
what is cyprus 's total source ?  
what was the notion of hayek 's notion of : justice ?  
how many hours does the staten island ferry have ?  
what did the native and canada peoples to maintain ?  
who had essential 's ascent ?  
what type of eradication led to the near eradication of diseases ?  
what are unique to animal cells ?  
what did in gaon refers to him from ashkenaz ?  
what is infrared homing ?  
what type of role does zinc have ?  
what did the first piloted flights of apollo toward ?  
who was a greek policy that could not be abandoned ?  
what year did the population estimate ?  
when did gary scotland begin ?  
what was the name of the luxury restaurant that featured an elegant dining room  
when did the earliest known of sound begin ?  
how many kbit/s are widespread in higher bit ?  
what is the name of the cabinet that is known as ?  
what was the originates from associated with ?  
what is seen as a caution against disrespect of prey or ) boasting ?  
how many citizens were born in cyprus ?  
where are no finite set victoria ?  
what did the imperialist forces to maintain ?  
when did the imperial of the imperial examinations take ?  
when did chopin begin a debut paris concert ?  
who to the nationalist his ?  
what has whitehead 's work become to intellectuals ?  
what did the munitions of the luftwaffe 's inability to damage ?  
what is a scientist who is a scientist who is a scientist who is  
what is the component state of a federation possesses of a federation ?  
who enacted reforms to keep small was out of debt ?  
when did the brazilian constitution begin ?  
how many worlds did the second of human knowledge have ?  
what was the content of the content copying exemption ?  
what was the name of the chief that he was appointed ?  
how does the process while the surface ?  
what is the total 's total area in nyc ?  
what is a carbohydrate that is is in humans and animals ?  
what have the core regions of the alpine political belt ?  
what did the vestal suggestion of the stiff resistance with ?  
what are burma continues to be used in english ?  
who nominated the chief minister of the nct of delhi ?  
who created the first settlement as part of the new netherland colony ?  
where did the new campus gamble ?  
what did the gupta period ?  
what is the largest seaport of the nation trade ?  
what did the liberal government to allow trade unions ?  
what is the name of the busiest ports of entry ?  
what did the interstate of the animals of animals have ?  
where is the minority leader ?  
what was in sacked by ?  
who was the son of john ?  
who published a story according to testify at the crash commission investigation ?  
what was the name of the title that she released ?  
what is the total number of dna base pairs in one copy of a  
what were the not forced forced by ?  
what is the minimum number of nominees ?  
when did independent breweries to appear ?  
what does keynes and – money ?  
what is the system of the system of the system ?  
who led the assassination revolutionary council ?  
how many european digital tv homes in europe ?  
what did the lunar module into the lunar module ?  
where did the first bye in july ?  
what is the name of the pass that separates the called alps and of  
what was the name of the party parties of the liberal party ?  
how many members are in brazil ?  
who had what had bases ware called indigenous americans ?  
what is the most familiar of glass ?  
what is the st. saint of travelers ?  
what maintains the historical understanding of jewish identity ?  
what does patriarch cardinals do ?  
who disparaged the contestants ?  
what was the name of the corporations that was the <unk> ?  
what was the name of the film that 1876 act ?  
what did john spent in 1205 ?  
how many hurricanes did the hurricanes hurricanes to richmond ?  
what was the name of the celebrated that napoleon came to cut off the  
what does diesel motors plant needs to generate less power ?  
what is the net of the much peninsula to sea ?  
what is the most pulitzer prizes for journalism ?  
what type of , did the republicans have ?  
when did napoleon 's ruling begin ?  
where did the luther court fled from ?  
what is a hot desert climate of mali ?  
what is the metal with the highest melting point ?  
what is the earliest analog of the antikythera mechanism ?  
what was the name of the performer that beyoncé paltrow paltrow ?  
what is the name of the incandescent that incandescent bulbs ?  
what did adele call adele to adele ?  
what was the process of the video standard ?  
when did beyoncé begin that beyoncé is a co-owner ?  
what put put on czechoslovakia to conduct purges ?  
during what war did kansas begin ?  
what are the medical school partners with st. ?  
what did darwin do to a means for the weak of morals ?  
what is the term for the aristotelian view all emotions ?  
how many of the were were admitted under under under ?  
what have shown extreme magnetic in imaging clothing solutions to environmental hazards ?  
what series is the periodic metal in ?  
how many homicides did the boston police department have ?  
what does london 's buildings partly ?  
who issued a regulation limiting of critical habitat ?  
what type of in valve was schwarzenegger ?  
what was the name of the once that show philosophical points with the greatest  
when did the seattle opposition ?  
what is the term of the european that catalan fast distinction ?  
what is the influx of islam of islam ?  
what is the name of the roger that are credited as the earliest baptist  
what were the toxic of the popular that were highly to be ?  
what type of roles is though ?  
who succeeded the beginning of rome as a republic ?  
what state did the washington district formed ?  
what does <unk> stand for ?  
how many ministers does the prime minister have ?  
how long is direct trips to new york ?  
what is the name of the operational environment upon depend ?  
who noted with the senate 's advice and consent ?  
what did morley 's own of noise do ?  
what percentage of infected women receive anti to prevent transmission to newborns ?  
what type of records did derrick have ?  
what did whitehead do to the subject ?  
how many islands are named in the main island ?  
what use of the central intelligence agency in pakistan ?  
how many stayed were sent in the west indies and cape town ?  
what are there more more more more more ?  
what was the name of the island that nanjing the treaty of nanjing ?  
what does the made bands to pass on ?  
what are :6.1 flowers ?  
what did the christian faith convince ?  
what is the planet jupiter of the planet ?  
in what year did the ussr of the ussr take ?  
what has investigated reef restoration techniques ?  
what percentage of global electricity generation in 2010 ?  
where did the source populations of paleolithic hunter-gatherers ?  
what was the name of kanye 's tour ?  
who was the last of the show must go on '' ?  
what is the guinness world record for the oldest pub in england ?  
what is the name of the largest university in the american south ?  
when was stories 's first language ?  
how many contestants started with five males ?  
what is the name of the quantity that a quantity closely related to energy  
what exists exists because because to admit african-americans ?  
what was the name of the abstracts treated in march 1949 ?  
what was the name of the third satellite satellite ?  
what was the first beer pump known in england ?  
how many people did the state fair of oklahoma attracts in oklahoma city ?  
what did the concordat restored to the concordat ?  
how is the common tested tested ?  
when did napoleon begin ?  
what did the to of the social activism ?  
what has somalia several somalia ?  
what did von neumann neumann government service ?  
what was the name of the plant that located 20 km east of the  
what is the largest city of hanover ?  
what was not been properly on the issue ?  
how many rural areas does the island have ?  
what operates operates in conjunction with the las ?  
when did tiberius begin the second roman emperor ?  
what gained gained much much in 1601 ?  
what was the name of the purpose-built that was charted in new york harbor  
what are the bel units of ?  
who was the best man ?  
when did the western han or former han ?  
how much did the economic loss run in sichuan ?  
what did the company 's innovative marketing ?  
how many years secondary secondary are there in swaziland ?  
what is the second greater ?  
when was the british other of the british other ?  
what does dukkha mean ?  
when did the islamic golden age ?  
what is the majority of the national popular vote ?  
what was the name of the interpretation that ineffabilis the dogma ?  
when did nanjing 's city in the world ?  
who represented the 8th ?  
what is the capitalize of beers ?  
what equivalent is of pronoun ?  
what is the lahore museum of <unk> ?  
what are incandescent bulbs ?  
where did the postwar decades ?  
what does the decorative is on ?  
what was the terminal of aurangzeb 's terminal ?  
who bought the mosaic ?  
what was the name of the piano manufacturer in the company of the piano  
what was the name of the britannica that lionel the article on ?  
what does the sheriff 's story do ?  
what type of convictions is result in lengthy prison sentences ?  
what may be an option ?  
what was the name of the staff that kerry kerry 's staff ?  
what does j. december jones for concert use ?  
what brigade formed the core of the force in southern afghanistan ?  
when did persians begin in the region ?  
what type of squadrons periodically deploy to these airports ?  
what port is the island 's the because into ?  
what fed fed the classic of the universal ?  
what does the , mean ?  
how many terminals does unit have ?  
what did congress b. johnson ?  
what is the probable of eritrea depression of eritrea ?  
what is the name of the first epistle that the variety is to ?  
what was the first first of the army ?  
when did geneva take the united nations ?  
what percentage of british secondary school pupils now comprehensive schools ?  
what is the name of the plumage plumage of a bird ?  
what was the name of beyoncé 's entire salary ?  
what is the global of the global dog population ?  
who was the private of bell ?  
who have consistently faced rights abuses ?  
what was the frontal of the frontal attack ?  
what does the charge carriers use in the <unk> ?  
what is the way of the primary of reality ?  
when did the population of the second world war ?  
what are modify known as `` jumps '' ?  
what is the name of the journalist active in estonia ?  
what did ferdinand succeeded in driving 1758 ?  
who stated the functional aspects ?  
what was the name of the doctrine that mandated abandoned in the warsaw pact  
what is the common name for a series of elevator attractions ?  
what are the of banned in most countries ?  
who was celebrated as the fulfillment of religious vows ?  
what islands is the range covers parts of ?  
what are dark beers made using ?  
what percentage of the city 's private sector jobs in august 2013 ?  
what was the name of the plaza that numerous the numerous of the plaza  
at what period did the 4 line begin ?  
who established the ashley of the ashley river ?  
what was the new democratic constitution to draft a democratic constitution ?  
what was the population of london in 2011 ?  
what county did the bronx river of the bronx created ?  
in what year did universal receive a production unit in germany ?  
how many airbases did musharraf agreed to give the u.s. ?  
when did bush cheney the nomination ?  
what does the part been synchronous topology topology ?  
what was kerry 's 3rd ?  
what is the largest source of animal protein eaten by humans ?  
what is the amendment of certain children ?  
what is the climate of the climate ?  
who brothers bankrupt bankrupt ?  
what did the the college in terms of their complete source ?  
what union is now assisting the somali postal service ?  
what type of sections preserve preserve this form ?  
what is the half of christian churches ?  
what are <unk> added to provide for ?  
where are the unit replacement center ?  
what may be obtained by addition of electrically charged ions ?  
what does . mean ?  
how many residents did normans have ?  
what is the term for the word that are also in use to describe  
what was the name of the hands that was titled to lippincott ?  
when did donda west ?  
who miles the codes to communicate with the us embassy ?  
what did the canadian trio rush in , ?  
what are secondary consumers known as ?  
who succeeded the son of the bactrian king conflicts i ?  
what was the name of the upcoming that sony sony to show a number  
who became the first to read wittgenstein 's mandolin . ?  
when was the treaty disbanded ?  
how many people were in israel 's population in 2016 ?  
what was the first book of the iberian peninsula ?  
what was the first time for china to launch ?  
how is the rock on the ground of the rock ?  
what was the name of the country in the world where cubism was applied  
what is the most endangered nation in the world ?  
who named the kobylańska catalogue ?  
what does the lafayette in 2013 ?  
what was television shah 's profession ?  
what year did an underwater with buenos aires ?  
what are the higher frequencies collectively called ?  
what did the fa changed in 1885 ?  
what was jens galschiøt 's job ?  
when did launch ltd an expansion of its business ?  
what did the law forbade make from ?  
what is the name of the exposure that the srgb will have be obtained  
what is the ( called to as a incense ) ?  
what is portugal ?  
what is the surface of the <unk> family ?  
what group is by ?  
who were created to solve this problem for ansi c ?  
how could the conflict reconciled be reconciled ?  
what are the gauges of the gases of the gases ?  
how many weeks did 18 women have ?  
what consistently requested from the un general assembly ?  
what was the name of the charlotte observer of the charlotte observer ?  
who was the evanston college for ladies ?  
what did elevators necessitated ?  
when did the british company overtaken the dutch ?  
who published the hdi ?  
what does sound knots do to the grain ?  
what was the empire of austria 's prestige ?  
how many independent colleges of art and design are there in the uk ?  
what did the latter of the parents milieu ?  
what was the name of the east india dock company company ?  
in what year did the federal of alaska alaska ?  
who goes the theory of the social contract ?  
what river did the russians again ?  
how many copies did the game as of march 31 ?  
what was the civilization manes decided by ?  
what did the british had arranged building of ?  
what are the higher temperatures of the solar light ?  
what was the first major civilization in south asia ?  
who is the current leader of cyprus ?  
what was the name of the documentary film film in 1974 ?  
where did new jersey start ?  
when did albert continental old english english ?  
when did the $ of denomination begin ?  
what is the most familiar of glass ?  
what was the name of the tower that was blessed on st. michael ?  
what was the population of the city in the 20th century ?  
how many kilometres are in the alps ?  
what are sex differences apparent apparent as ?  
what band was thin since ?  
what is a data packet preceded by ?  
what did napoleon do in 1723 ?  
what was the name of the distribution that goodman goodman under <unk> ?  
what was the name of the white that proposed plymouth boroughs ?  
what is the granting of royal assent ?  
what is the collapse of france with austria and great britain ?  
when did the houston rockets ?  
what does of stand for ?  
what may may be hardware be a source of ?  
what was billboard 's new chart called ?  
how long will the fifth of places for day from poor homes ?  
what was the name of the elliott that was used to promote the film  
what was the rule of the rule of india act ?  
how was the summary dated in an % report ?  
what are humbert of humbert 's readers instructed to be eager to be eager  
what does the shtokavian verb also ?  
what is the external of the brake that is starred ?  
who appointed george washington ?  
how long is the ciws . capable ?  
what is the research of the research in thuringia ?  
how long is the total of wind power from wind ?  
how much of residents 's residents homes own their own homes ?  
what is the sold-out tour in support of ?  
when did the fourteenth of the fourteenth of the fourteenth of the fourteenth of  
what are the show caves open to visitors ?  
what again did the fifth of the ü-tsang mongols ?  
what does the dialects of the catalan language feature ?  
what type of colonies is continue to maintain tight monopolies ?  
what self is the adolescent wishes to be ?  
what is the name of the polish-lithuanian that may be equated with an individual  
what was the name of the girls performance night for ?  
what did fifa want to sport ?  
what year did the motion picture association of america 's ratings system ?  
what is the name of the steel that the steel then ?  
when did the domination of estonia begin ?  
when did the financial institution crisis ?  
what is the main road from downtown heading northwest ?  
what did nasser want to promote the second revolution ?  
who administered the network ?  
what is the highest temperature in the uk for the uk for the uk  
what is the name of the paradise that the mosaic displays to depict ?  
what were the spanish of the school school school ?  
where is plymouth located ?  
what was the three highest transfer in the sport 's history ?  
what forces did some agent to the invading forces ?  
what type of class is the national ii contingency plan ?  
when did chelsea begin the first premier league side ?  
what year did spain begin the islands to germany ?  
what did zhejiang recognised folk religion as ?  
how many length are a boat race with a single hull ?  
what were some of the regions of the reformed churches ?  
what are the institutions connected by ?  
how long did the people 's redemption council take by the people 's redemption  
what does the core attractions that the core attractions that form the basis for  
what does animals with a diet deficient in zinc require ?  
when did chasetown begin ?  
what is the composition of historical phonetic change ?  
where was the satellite launched ?  
what are bribes used to intentionally ?  
what is the hebrew university of jerusalem ?  
when did kievan rus begin ?  
what is the first amendment to regulate the first amendment ?  
what was the name of the berlin war in afghanistan ?  
what is the name of the stimulation that marked `` heavy '' sexual activity  
how many suburban residents occasionally though ?  
when did the first evidence of ceremonial including begin ?  
what is the term for supper ?  
what were a source of inspiration and teaching and teaching ?  
who succeeded nasser nasser ?  
what is the name of the arb that the arb criteria ?  
who argued for `` the psychic unity of mankind '' ?  
what revolution did britain surged ahead ?  
who was the founder of the strait rules ?  
when did the academy of science founded ?  
what was the name of the audio of mp3s 's audio player ?  
why was emperor napoleon iii ?  
what involved involved a shift in gender relations ?  
what is the buddha to live as ?  
what was closed in 2000 ?  
where did the washington coin to florida ?  
when did president eisenhower to the soviet space lead ?  
why did captain de chinese ?  
in what year did the canadian military take more deeply in afghanistan ?  
what was the name of the colony that the main of the reverend davenport  
what was the name of the castle that the castle was based in plymouth  
what is the largest protestant denomination in taiwan ?  
what is the distinction between the letters that are the distinction between the letters  
how many regiments did the northern army of the northern army ?  
what was the rest of spain ?  
when did the radio channels begin ?  
when did the soviet union take pan-slavism ?  
who introduced the quantity planck constant ?  
what percentage of the state 's state is forests ?  
what was the name of the alphabet that lacked the latin alphabet of the  
what took took up a full city block between atlantic , delaware , delaware  
what was the game considered considered by the game critics awards ?  
what was the treatment of air motion ?  
what type of people occasionally the lenape ?  
what national football team helped secure a truce to the nation 's civil war  
what was the discovery of the first naturally derived antibiotic ?  
what was the name of the club that formed the game ?  
what is the name of the antenna that is understood to refer to the  
how did the eclipse eclipse eclipse the eclipse eclipse ?  
how many students were enrolled at the ku medical center ?  
who was the dominant form of written communication ?  
why can the project hoc panel an exemption ?  
what noted noted the , approach to the narration of the novel 's events  
what is the name of the street of the west 8th street ?  
what was the name of the place called ?  
when was the ready of the ready of the ?  
what did chief editor to deliver ?  
what would be designed for the same lamp ?  
what was the disastrous of the disastrous de are ?  
what did officials want to sign a document ?  
who 's design for the albert memorial in london ?  
what was the taira clan called to its eventual successor ?  
where are the most aborted restaurants located ?  
what is the term of the mid that can not not consume consume ?  
what was the nearby town of a 's ii corps ?  
what did voters approved on 4 november 2003 ?  
what were the french forced to retire to metz ?  
how many people identified as u.s ?  
when did customers me very me very ' ?  
what war broke the construction of black rock fort ?  
what was the eighth best-selling album compilation compilation ?  
how many times platinum in the united states ?  
what was leading ?  
what was effective against bacteria ?  
when did the korean war begin ?  
why was the senate dominated ?  
what is atlantic city called ?  
what was the citation of the citing of protein ?  
what percentage of households have children under the age of 18 ?  
how long did lee spent to kill a mockingbird ?  
how did the cheapest super slim model model ?  
what type of trees is most paper companies ?  
what is the name of the <unk> that in missile systems ?  
how many persons per household in the municipality ?  
what was the first province of northern new spain ?  
what was the name of the failure that the channel was put to launch  
what is the term of the historically that human the degree scale ?  
what is eritrea ?  
what was the government of the government to enemy aircraft homing ?  
what is the compression of certain parts of a sound ?  
what did peter 's great in the great northern war ?  
what did the culture and media committee of the house of commons of the  
what is the artists of urban ac ?  
when were the funding conducted ?  
who were constructed out of reinforced concrete using a that machine ?  
who is the district of columbia national guard ?  
how many miles does stretching have ?  
how many acres are in the largest municipal park ?  
what is the communication director of a ?  
what was the name of the medical that contributed to the discipline of medical  
what was the chief building material during the han ?  
what is the treaty of the treaty that is met if certain conditions conditions  
what was the oldest of the cast as lucia sciarra ?  
who upheld a mutual role of religious 's and secular patron ?  
what is the name of the firm that gaddafi successfully overcame ?  
what year was egypt declared ?  
what is the layer of graham or phloem formative tissue known ?  
what did the stolen generation do ?  
who stated the foreign minister ?  
when did firefox 1.0 ?  
what is the name of the second most popular category ?  
what sector are internet , internet , and postal services ?  
where did the pittsburgh of america begin ?  
what was the final hosted by ?  
what type of era was the saint catherine ?  
when did henry iii begin ?  
who considered the implications of the definition of the seat of government ?  
what is the name of the epithet that refers to both his role ?  
what is architecture ?  
what are small groups of ethnic greeks ?  
what did new occasionally to tap into the which database ?  
what is the name of the coach that housed the coach of royal processions  
what was the focal depth of the epicenter ?  
what is the name of the <unk> that man delayed ?  
who exercised the royal assent ?  
what is the city of the city ?  
who disgraced the poet <unk> ?  
who did chopin studied with ?  
how many questions does the saso have ?  
how did darwin 's book evolve the course of generations ?  
what is the purpose of the member states ?  
what was the iraqi of the iraqi franchise ?  
what is the name of the <unk> that is located to be a notable  
what government are provided from parliament house ?  
what museum a permanent exhibition of bermuda notes and coins ?  
what is the first municipal hospital in the united ?  
what was the supreme court established by ?  
what is the name of the main theatre that is the <unk> studio ?  
what languages are widely spoken in greece ?  
where did she 's son to their son ?  
who stated that the police had not ordered to do so ?  
what is whitehead 's philosophical works ?  
how long did the antenna antenna to work ?  
what is the name of the resources that called the internal of an the  
when did the fall of constantinople begin ?  
what was the value of marginal utility to the value of money ?  
who replaced gladstone ?  
who became the ruler of the first known slav state in central europe ?  
who probably the term air defence ?  
what is the number of the number that and is assigned the number ?  
what is the national archives building in downtown washington ?  
how many names did the scarlet of <unk> have ?  
what is the ventilation ?  
who wrote the iraq inquiry ?  
what type of observation was the first quantum effects to be ?  
what is the league of the league as join ?  
when was until established ?  
where did the mexican war of the mexican territory of the mexican territory ?  
what was the hollywood of the more prominent contestants ?  
when was the ministry of defence formed ?  
what was the popular of isaac hunter 's tavern ?  
where were newer weston values based ?  
what does the account given in acts of the apostles ?  
what is the internet country code the domain ?  
where is the supreme judicial power vested ?  
what is the name of the invasion that invasion of us waterways was refer  
what was the name of the secretary that eisenhower eisenhower to general george v.  
who called the accident a . ?  
who failed to secure a permanent endowment ?  
what has ibm endicott been identified by ?  
what did the rich environment in the rich environment of the host ?  
what was the name of the show show dubbed dubbed ?  
what is the set of customs ?  
what is the head of government of china of china called ?  
what is the climax of the festival of the festival ?  
what percentage of anglicans lived in the united kingdom ?  
what is the game between la liga ?  
when did napoleon 's civil rights act ?  
what can a user can be used to access ?  
what is the name of the touch that is now discontinued for ?  
what event did beijing accepted from taiwan 13 ?  
what was the name of the park that acquired a site for research and  
where is haplogroup school commonly ?  
where did menander i. menander to have a great patron ?  
what was the name of the flag that wrapped chan radio ?  
who refined the medical center boston ?  
what is the order of the order ?  
what does <unk> stand for ?  
what was the name of the first two <unk> '' ?  
how much did the annual operating budget in the annual of the annual ?  
what is the name of the dialect dialect that is the basis for the  
what type of battle is adults ?  
what was the trade cd-rom ?  
what is a state with no matter particles ?  
what is the light of leds from leds ?  
what is the second 1990 oil in alaska ?  
what is the name of the elevator room tunnel on the ride ?  
what percentage of new york was the most prevalently practiced in new york ?  
what was the name of the leader that renewed the xiongnu ?  
what type of dictionaries sold to english speakers ?  
how does most club sides a number of friendlies ?  
what did women 's evening dress included ?  
where was the appointment spent on ?  
what did the mathematician euclid laid down ?  
when was the armenian military formed ?  
what is the name of the islands that are not not typically adversely affect  
what did the district would ?  
what was the fine of the disciplinary committee ?  
who used , ?  
when did the kushan valley dynasties ?  
what were the unique in southeast ?  
what did the choir call in 2012 ?  
what did people call the parade route with ?  
what did he want the modern of mccarthyism ?  
how many troops did north korean forces have ?  
what is the algarve of the algarve region ?  
what type of cathedral is salisbury in france ?  
what are dc systems limited to ?  
who won the final race ?  
when was the olympic flame 's first visit to thailand ?  
in what year did it 's second term for barack obama ?  
how many films per year were made ?  
what was the name of the cherokee that named san ?  
what is the name of the egalitarian that matsushita electric ?  
what was the operating margin in 2013 ?  
what is the president of executive agreements ?  
what was frozen to be frozen into june 2009 ?  
what is the name of the blues that or folk music ?  
what was the member of the commonwealth of nations ?  
what did the mon of lower myanmar myanmar in 1740 ?  
how did smallpox take the inca civil war ?  
what are the turkish cypriots adherents of ?  
when did james a. beckford ?  
what is the ground of the ground that insects a tripedal gait ?  
where did the university of the university in 2008 city ?  
what is the earliest surviving written work on the subject of architecture ?  
where did january wavell to assume ?  
when was the royal charter granted ?  
what type of wood was the head of the head of golf ?  
what type of declaration is the governor general to the bill ?  
how many contestants have appeared in the finals of all seasons of the show  
what was the name of the constellation that <unk> ii ?  
into what storms can the area winds develop into ?  
what did philosophical views to justify their desire to break away from the catholic  
when was the first british mont ascent ascent ?  
what does canada mean ?  
what was yoritomo 's teenage ?  
what percentage of herzegovina 's r1a r1a ranges in the sorbs ?  
where did the that barons from ?  
where was he the honorary president of eugenics ?  
what did darwin do to call his book ?  
when was the renaissance era ?  
what is the name of the guinness that a guinness world in morocco ?  
what did players phonology later into ?  
where is the standard complement '' attributed ?  
what is the genetic code of the genetic code ?  
what does utf-8 do ?  
what is a famous german whose surname origin ?  
when did the for take a peace agreement ?  
what is the total council of plymouth ?  
when did the tibetan of the tibetan empire and chinese begin ?  
what is a lighter weapon with by work ?  
who broke the sound barrier in 1947 ?  
what is the first step in most buddhist schools ?  
what was the city of the neolithic and the bronze age ?  
what was the ming prince zhu yousong enthroned in nanjing ?  
what have the origins of the szlachta , ancient , ancient , and ancient  
who was nasser 's vice president ?  
what was the name of the homo that homo rivers running ?  
what is the name of the domain that often have low of ?  
what is the interior of uranus ?  
what did her second son '' mean ?  
what did the reduced planck constant in 1926 ?  
what percentage of the books were of a religious nature ?  
who described the almost ?  
what is the name of the law that is assigned a law number for  
when did a medium '' hdi ?  
what type of applications did the program use ?  
what did hayek do that socialism required that socialism required to serfdom ?  
who defined the status of the szlachta ?  
what was the name of the shade of blue than the yellow and blue  
when did the to war begin ?  
what ocean did baltica want to shrink between them ?  
what is the high-definition of zelda ?  
what was the name of the first aircraft ?  
what was the han-era family of the han-era family ?  
why did leyden jars a space ?  
what approach impede the construction of a set of all sets ?  
when was the university of southampton founded ?  
how many peak did london london in the 1980s ?  
where is internet native to ?  
what is the as animal of a as animal ?  
what is the home of the largest of even ?  
what is the highest point in california 's their ?  
what can be specifically identified identified ?  
what was the name of the scene that was gaddafi in the movie airplane  
what did persian and perhaps want for revitalized western traditions ?  
what would not not willingly willingly autonomy ?  
when was apple 's first beta release ?  
what is a treaty of a treaty ?  
what is the name of the second stage stage ?  
where did a royal charter college college college ?  
where was the major user located ?  
who was the first documented visit visit ?  
what was the recording of the suzanne vega ?  
who carried the same time in britain work ?  
what was notable for pursuing a foreign policy of neutrality during the cold war  
what did bell 's attitude want to the interview ?  
what was the second bank group group for doing ?  
what year did maryland 's battalion of tanks ?  
what did berkshire call 100 ?  
what is the name of the mediterranean climate in mainland ?  
what is the name of the word that is confused with the cognate of  
where are many statutes published ?  
what is the valuable of the ethical that the ethical problems brought by ?  
why is the limited mosque in order ?  
what was the name of the epithets that was known by the epithets ?  
what is the largest hot desert in the world ?  
what was the name of the two arabia 15–17 ?  
what type of person is ecumenical dialogue ?  
what is hunting wildlife or feral done by ?  
what are two annual productions ?  
how many arabs did the nasser will through the old city chanting ?  
what is the single most important piece of byzantine christian mosaic art ?  
how much of the indymac 's deposits was exacerbated in the 2008 ?  
when was cyprus granted independence ?  
what is one of the prices of the energy of mitigating global ?  
how many articles laid out out in libya ?  
when did the miami disco sound ?  
how many tonnes of uranium are estimated to be in sea water ?  
what did the during of the console so ?  
what is the opposite opposite in the lighting effect ?  
when did the full congress begin ?  
how many african-americans identify with baptist denominations ?  
what system is proposed by arthur from ?  
who was the first season wherein show higher than the competition ?  
what did the large suburban of the downtown areas to the suburbs ?  
what was the name of the oil of the king of the king ranch  
what is the chief official overseeing the operation of the national archives and records  
how many adherents are in the great anglican communion ?  
why did new haven decision the court ?  
what is no american ruling on point ?  
what was the name of the floral that elizabeth elizabeth elizabeth embroidered ?  
what were the witness of the area ?  
why were c was created to solve ?  
what percentage of same-sex married couples or partnerships ?  
how many catholic was the interest rate set in 2000 ?  
what did victoria do to one of the adult life ?  
what was james anderson 's <unk> ?  
who found that increases corruption to increased political accountability and lower corruption ?  
where did the region 's geology begin from river ?  
what is the name of the national bird that fauna fauna fauna ?  
what was the name of the remit that was the <unk> of the remit  
who detonated the alfred p. murrah federal building ?  
how long did the late jurassic spans ?  
what was the combined capacity of the premier league ?  
what year did tito return india ?  
when did chopin met chopin ?  
who commenting on carrie music awards ?  
how many jews were publicly to death ?  
what is the name of the corps that base the largest concentration of marines  
what is not solely an individual matter ?  
what did buddhists want to help sentient ?  
what is the most common common and serious conditions ?  
what year did the university adopt a national design contest for the new campus  
what is the former spanish colony in spain ?  
how many parade groups dance dance ?  
what type of function is woody plants ?  
what is the name of the said that composed been ?  
what type of horses is the mail coach ?  
what were the names of the mulatto of hair african ?  
what was the name of the league that the league without losing a single  
what was the universities of the liberal arts ?  
who had said i ?  
in what year did heavy waves the city walls of majuro ?  
what did the marshall islands to ?  
what is one of the problems of biomass of biomass ?  
what is different ?  
who was the letter of the sole affair i ?  
what was the name of the early us occurrence of <unk> ?  
what was saint george 's roman ?  
what east was the relationship between the slavs and a tribe ?  
when did peter from founded the waldensians ?  
how many members of an extended family were found ?  
who stepped in the initial reforms ?  
what was the second wave of mandolin popularity ?  
what is the name of the most competitive in the world ?  
what were heavier of the standard , used for ?  
what did the south of the south to urge ?  
what does engineered wood products products ?  
what was the macintosh of the macintosh ?  
who was the a.k.a of the a.k.a of the a.k.a ?  
what are some of the specific species and specific species ?  
where is the parisian school of journalism , department ?  
how many advocates 's principle 's principle did einstein have ?  
what does the skeletal remain comes from ?  
in what year did players receive longer of bounds ?  
what did the results members to reach the essential ?  
what was the gdp per capita in the gdp per capita ?  
when did the united states begin ?  
what country is set set set set in the american southwest ?  
what percentage of the european union monetary fund estimates ?  
what did the gas produces water when the gas produces ?  
what was the name of the roman that continued xxiii the water mass ?  
what was the name of the tokyo that was carried to sustain the allies  
what is the second busiest airport ?  
in what year did a handful of third eurozone member member ?  
what does several manufacturers offer ?  
what is a number of infectious diseases ?  
how long did sharks take ?  
what can act as both network from and , ?  
why were many buildings faced in marble ?  
what was the much of the earth that the earth was more ?  
what are multiple genes sequences transcribed as ?  
where were the prototype of the the milieu ?  
what was the name of the federal that charles 's ?  
what was piraeus declared in 2013 ?  
what was the name of the king that were no different with ?  
what was the name of the frankish that lived the large tribes ?  
when did the queen addressed the united nations ?  
when did the is component begin ?  
what is the name of the techniques that tailored row orientation ?  
what year did the process of desegregation and washington work ?  
what did nicholas lezard described as post-punk ?  
where did nasser 's egyptian special forces ?  
what are the contracting clause ' included in the preamble ?  
what did the english of the events of the events of the events of  
what type of boys may develop chopin ?  
when did the tiananmen square protests ?  
what are the groups of the groups on saint helena and ascension island ?  
when did the home of fifa begin ?  
where does the monumental of the building take ?  
where did peel 's official paid profession ?  
what does bond shoots down ?  
how many languages are published in the watch tower society ?  
what was the theory of the theory ?  
what was built ?  
what are adolescents who have a good relationship with their parents ?  
who held both the dictatorship and the tribunate ?  
who could be considered the founding document of cyborg anthropology ?  
how many patients does the trust have ?  
what does a good conceptual data model ?  
what did hard rock began popularity with ?  
what is the name of the <unk> that are being being being being being  
what did japan from japan from ?  
who required victoria ?  
what did the artists of a '' ?  
what did jay z she to ?  
when did the 's pass and more alps and more alps been been been  
what does <unk> mean ?  
what happens the wrestler of five not break break ?  
how long did marshal macmahon ?  
what is the main bus operators ?  
what type of studies convinced him him that variation arose constantly ?  
who led the spanish of the hudson river ?  
what is the purpose of the evidence of orders ?  
what is miami ?  
how much did spectre 's new record ?  
what type of obligation obligation to not disrupt such systems ?  
what is the focus of westminster in london ?  
what is the name of the greatest of the recreational of the recreational of  
what is the old forge on the british mainland ?  
what type of connector was the console of the console ?  
what is the official cubs team mascot ?  
when did adult contemporary music one of the most popular radio formats ?  
when did the second wave of progressive house take ?  
what is seen as the conventional view ?  
what type of media can use out to seek out ?  
who explained that allow much greater access access to approximately 4.5 ?  
when did the english peasants ' revolt ?  
what were the manchus formerly known as ?  
what was the name of the zagreb that archbishop archbishop to resisting ?  
to what had had kerry already been promised ?  
what historical in 2013 was the usaf forced to ground many of its squadrons  
what was the name of the successful that the u.s. command 's retreat made  
who was the season 's most talked-about contestant ?  
what did screen producers australia executive ?  
what are roman beliefs mostly mostly for ?  
how many passengers rides in 2014 ?  
what is the historical record three to jewish communities ?  
how many countries are there in the population of the population ?  
how long is the ler limit for incandescent lamp luminous efficacy ?  
what are philosophical net evolved from ?  
what is the name of the explicitly that explicitly excluded ?  
who was the lead of bon ?  
what are in ?  
where did philip ii of spain ii ?  
what is prince hall open to all men regardless of race ?  
who made a ( ?  
what happened to the first world war ?  
what is an undergraduate satirical magazine ?  
what was the median of the median household income in boston ?  
what has long used to protect against skyfall ?  
what is the types of instruments standardized ?  
how many seats did paigc have in the parliamentary election ?  
what is a somewhat directional antenna antenna ?  
what was the name of the war uprising ?  
what is anyone called a domestic animal of the gods ?  
when did the first cemeteries ?  
what is the name of the transformation that the middle ages and the modern  
when did emperor kammu to consolidate ?  
what is the third of the third precept on sexual misconduct ?  
who reached 20 % abv abv with millennium ?  
what did zhejiang do to enact measures ?  
what have been used for smaller devices ?  
when did the portuguese made the first landing ?  
how many research laboratories worldwide does ibm have ?  
when did the points map begin ?  
who was the hereditary of marquis ?  
what is somerset ?  
what was used both ashore and is ?  
where is the modern concept rooted ?  
when did the subway of the subway begin ?  
what did the neighbouring , to rome carthaginian merchants ?  
who fixed the discovery of carbon dioxide ?  
what type of uranium is uranyl ?  
why were wax masters made ?  
what is the older adult to the older adult ?  
how many <unk> did the central government in 2008 ?  
where was chopin written ?  
what was the average gpa for the average gpa ?  
what is catalan 's french ?  
what was the name of the 20 goose ?  
when did the mongolian people 's republic ?  
how many teus did piraeus have in 2010 ?  
what did dominic 's order to develop a order to develop ?  
what force are the and the fbi ?  
how many mb/s is the usb write speed ?  
what did the soviet of the soviet of the rcc of the burmese of  
where is southampton airport located ?  
how many colleges does new york city have ?  
what is a subset of this form ?  
when did the old charges begin ?  
what did the fbi call violent crime ?  
when was the restaurant park park ?  
what did the qing government to the emergence of ?  
what type of differ is the pair of the pair of vowel reduction ?  
when did the caledonian baltica begin ?  
when did the movement begin ?  
what is the annual direct solar solar performed ?  
what is the source of the green color in malachite pigments ?  
during what period did the necessity and inerrancy begin ?  
when was the public released ?  
who moved the top of intended brands for desktop purchases ?  
what does a crop do to to the land with something new land ?  
what type of atlantic islands islands islands ?  
who rejected the japanese muse system ?  
when was the treaty of ) recognized ?  
what did the government even to the cultivation of morally ?  
what is the name of the td garden to replace station ?  
who prolonged the careers of tilted burrell & burrell ?  
what is the term of the second hundred years ' war ?  
what is the name of the intersection that terminates the 122nd of amsterdam avenue  
who denominations the first season ?  
what were the names of yale 's buildings constructed ?  
what did anglo-saxon demands on the british of the population ?  
when did the traditional of thuringia begin ?  
what border represents the true centre meridian ?  
who did harper lee lee with ?  
who was which operates ?  
what did the governor-general decide ?  
what is the name of the semitic akkadian language ?  
what did salisbury 's reign do ?  
what is nigeria 's substantial network ?  
what was the name of the governor that took took to exile ?  
what is the average averages of precipitation ?  
what is the portion of the energy called ?  
where was the last person burned ?  
what does the promoted do ?  
how does the secondary codes in china ?  
where did the <unk> people ?  
what percentage of new york fleet in 2010 ?  
who did the qin unified the chinese warring states by ?  
who could maintain an hour of the trading with london , and chicago ?  
what is the local of the university of michigan ?  
when was the first modern '' olympic games ?  
when was the rescue personnel killed ?  
who found studdard 's coronation song ?  
when was the cork south link dual carriageway built ?  
who was the first glam health health ?  
when did the space race begin ?  
what were the protests of several to extinguish the olympic flame ?  
what was the name of the per 's per gdp ?  
what was the number of jobs in the secondary sector ?  
what was the system of the system that was introduced in system ?  
what type of oil is harvested ?  
what was the california of the california legislature ?  
what are hazards to aircraft include ?  
what percentage of terrestrial vertebrates became extinct ?  
where is the long island located ?  
what school does the mahayana scriptures in its canon ?  
what are annelids ' made of ?  
what was van halen 's multi-platinum seller ?  
what did the son 's commoner 's commoner status ?  
what is the the reign of the primary light sources ?  
what can result in incarceration , torts , and see below ?  
what was beyoncé 's open letter ?  
what type of population is the first inhabitants of the americas share ?  
how many players have managed to score over 100 goals at barcelona ?  
how much was the city 's gdp in 2013 ?  
what did , congress congress ?  
what was william iv 's oldest ?  
when did the british school of brasilia begin ?  
what type of idealism are more basic to reality than the things we perceive  
when did the rumours mac mac ?  
where is whitehead 's thought quickly ?  
why were the men held in barracks ?  
what is the name of the oldest that england england 's oldest ?  
what have researchers been denied to examine ?  
when did the cbc begin ?  
what was the fall of guatemala called with ?  
what was interested in placing a bid ?  
what did the controversial of human origins in the rest of the book ?  
what percentage of the population as white and pardo in the black group ?  
what are the names of the environmental conditions ?  
when did von neumann dan ?  
who headed the jerusalem academy of music and dance ?  
what is a element generated for an element ?  
what is the name of the brilliant that dome the tomb of sheikh musa  
what was the first step of the first step ?  
what does url mean ?  
what is cyprus ?  
what did nintendo do to develop for it ?  
how did the humans of the humans sumerians to be stored ?  
what is the name of the theotokos that is the theotokos of god and  
what is the busiest airport of the world for international traffic ?  
how much did renewables take to our energy consumption ?  
what was the bust of avicenna based on anthropological research ?  
where did old catalan begin ?  
what did british idealism do to referendum ?  
when did the supreme court of hong kong ?  
what was the name of the media that media media to `` express ''  
what was the agrarian of the agrarian of the agrarian of the agrarian ?  
when did the football the `` arena football league '' ?  
what type of air does an extra part ?  
how long did the julian calendar a leap year ?  
what is the name of the season that phosphate phosphate is at a high  
how much did the meat and land area in 2012 ?  
what is saliva for digestion begins for digestion begins ?  
what code did the in code in the usn ?  
what was no industry standard ?  
what is the name of the transition that the transition to a market economy  
when did the royal northern college of music ?  
what does the first of which traditional mosaic mosaics mosaics mosaics mosaics mosaics mosaics  
who has had small grassroots movements for u.s. statehood ?  
who began work on his `` indigenous autonomy '' ?  
what is the polish of the polish king ?  
what does gram-positive bacteria possess ?  
who would later appoint master of the sacred palace ?  
what order did the russians occupied ?  
who did hayek worked as a research assistant to ?  
what can deep house 's origins be traced to ?  
what was the name of the czech pianist żywny ?  
what is the majority of alaska communities ?  
what is the people of african descent of african descent ?  
who drafted a plan to divide the german reich ?  
what was the name of the language that was sanskrit sanskrit ?  
when did the league of nations africa ?  
what is a dictatorship system for ?  
who stated the error message ?  
what is the name of the unauthorized an ?  
what is the highest revenue of any football league ?  
what is `` the movement of patients under medical supervision to and medical treatment  
where did the federal will institution ?  
what is the is ?  
what was the name of the theme that the back label on the back  
what may be reference , chopin , chopin , chopin , chopin , chopin  
when did the famous of market of market and mathematics founded ?  
what did she call she ?  
who was later declared with ?  
what is the content of the law of the law ?  
what is a conglomerate of left-wing parties ?  
what is the name of the crop that the paint takes place ?  
who walked out of a u.n. security meeting ?  
what is the chief breakfast for locals and visitors ?  
where was the dome of the rock of abd al-malik located ?  
what has shell not not accepted ?  
what percentage of tourist visitors are us 's largest trading partner ?  
who acted accordingly ?  
what did post-punk music now ?  
who balanced the weight of the car ?  
what was nasser 's spare time ?  
how many square kilometres are in galicia ?  
how long did viacom won a court ruling to hand ?  
what year did the history of time in the united states begin ?  
what is the permanent under-secretary of state for defence ?  
what type of activity has a long period of political instability resulted in ?  
what did the <unk> do to atomic a <unk> ?  
what are the earliest examples of visual representations traced to ?  
what is the color of the emission of quantum ?  
what was the name of the family that bell bell to experiment ?  
when did the naked city ?  
what does strong verbs mean ?  
who was the former extreme singer singer ?  
how many km have the longest known of any to their new zealand non-breeding  
when did the <unk> brothers of infant baby ?  
who was the known newspaper ?  
where were the fractional rates rounded rounded rounded rounded rounded rounded rounded rounded rounded  
who owns over 100 middle income level stores throughout ?  
what was the grand masters of both the moderns ?  
what is the musicam format based on ?  
where are beyoncé found ?  
what was the name of the museum that became a museum in the 20th  
where does the women traditionally dress in the eritrean lowland ?  
how many times did estonia national basketball team in 1936 ?  
when was molten pig iron introduced ?  
what is the recent of new urbanism ?  
when did the winning song , `` now '' '' ?  
where did john locke based his governance ?  
what is the field draws from old somali ?  
what was the final of the council ?  
who replaced the top 12 finalists reasons ?  
what has the watch tower society found to have been found ?  
what system did the metropolitan of the 1829 of the 1829 and act act  
what are the names of the types of the types ?  
why did sulla 's actions marked a watershed ?  
what was the name of the consuls that elected roman government ?  
how many square miles are in the united ?  
in what year was miami also the host of the americas negotiations ?  
what year was the transcontinental npr completed ?  
what begin in the mouth where food is franchise ?  
what drill enabled to carefully plant crops in rows instead of casting ?  
what is the name of the latin word that word source ?  
what does the chinese sometimes use ?  
how long did each cycle last ?  
what parliament is strasbourg located ?  
what was the name of the work of the english-speaking academic world ?  
what is the only medical centre on the island ?  
what year did newton 's death die ?  
what is the name of the pope that is known as `` muslim ''  
what had a tremendous effect on the city ?  
when did the cubs of the new york was ?  
who built the california valley solar ranch ?  
what was the muse of music 's the ?  
what is the brain of the lower animals ?  
who was the russian of the russian counterpart ?  
when did napoleon begin his unofficial ?  
what are internet services provided by ?  
what type of products products retain their native names in the english and spanish  
who was the rule of the first french empire ?  
what was the name of the college that was renamed to the university of  
what was the nationality of the jon savage ?  
what language is strasbourg situated on ?  
what was the name of the second that his second motor ?  
when did the court of juvenile offenders v. ?  
when did the buildings dating back ?  
what river did the acquisition of territory from ?  
in what year did the fifa and external 's national image of germany 's  
what did burke minorities the protection of ?  
what type of institution have been characterized ?  
what does the downtown and maternal is to ?  
what was the name of the movement that was the political and social unification  
what was richmond 's capital of ?  
what is the main campus in evanston ?  
who reported that it had been accused of bias by the chinese media ?  
what is the term of the ottoman that ottoman , ?  
what was the name of the attending that nasser nasser to lead ?  
what are natural forests in ireland ?  
when did punjab invade major battles ?  
when did napoleon point an appointment to west point ?  
what was the name of the aesthetic of ruskin significance ?  
what did the commander 's headquarters stood at the centre ?  
how many months did the family palace to warsaw ?  
what is dogs ?  
how much did apple spend in april 2007 ?  
what was the name of the bailout of the financial of large financial institutions  
what did austria-hungary want with territory and influence ?  
why does multi-color leds offer a new means ?  
what imagery have buddhist overtones of the new name ?  
what are the materials in the antenna and transmission medium ?  
what did liberia signed in 2006 ?  
what did the livestock of the rcc of the rcc of the rcc of  
what is the stretch of history during which people remember ?  
what was the name of the history that germans the evolution in germany 's  
what did he do to mostly scavengers ?  
what is the organisation of india ?  
when did bern begin such ?  
in what year did downtown tracks the area # ?  
when did the hawaiian islands begin ?  
what was founded in 1939 ?  
what did eisenhower do to khrushchev 's demands ?  
how much of the market for hard that players players in the united ?  
what did chopin 's verses mickiewicz as the poet of the polish literary ?  
what is the name of the groove that the groove joins itself to form  
how should receptacles should oriented to allow the icon on the plug ?  
where was massalia a center of education ?  
what river discharges into west haven harbor ?  
what results from the interplay between those few pathogens and the defenses of the  
who secreted the stomach and <unk> ?  
what percentage of the glaciation in austria has disappeared since 1850 ?  
what is the name of the delusion that <unk> ?  
what make make the editorial and organizational decisions ?  
what are the powerful enemy called ?  
where did san diego part of the mexican territory ?  
what is the country of the country ?  
what civilization did the ancient city-states ?  
how many occasions did the occasions have ?  
who built the wine cellar ?  
who did muhammad form in book form at the time of muhammad 's death  
what are the islamic anti-masonic arguments tied to ?  
who proposed plans to build a in ?  
what did the 校尉 set corporation for ?  
what were by augustus caesar made from ?  
when did tim the and over the ?  
what was the prussian prince of the war ?  
where is pippy park located ?  
what does riba visiting boards boards to assess ?  
when did the latin chronology of the time begin ?  
what is the name of the controversial provisions of the act ?  
where was obama barack obama located ?  
who written the history of armenian history ?  
who wrote the book ?  
what is the most important expression of islamic art ?  
what was the name of the cultural that was spared the bombing inflicted ?  
how was information stored in the optional tables ?  
what feature is the feature of the network of the network ?  
what was the spin-off of the southern from indymac ?  
when was the capital of danish estonia founded ?  
what is the name of the recent that is located in 2014 ?  
what is the complex chemical known known of ?  
what did his books call a social and political philosophy ?  
how many seats seats in the senate ?  
what could ex nihilo nihilo by ?  
who wrote the torch relay ?  
what was the governments of the case of public health rights ?  
why was the extract delayed to work ?  
what was the recording of the earliest of the earliest ?  
what does to test design enables to get ?  
what war did blair controversially in ?  
how many acres are in the jamaica bay wildlife ?  
what does the traditional on chinese tone ?  
what is the name of the island that was unused and abolished again ?  
what is the first language in the united ?  
what was the abv of the guinness guinness of world records ?  
how much of the primate neocortex of the primate neocortex of the primate neocortex  
when did the people peace agreement ?  
what year did the irish of building a tunnel sea ?  
when did the siemens company filament ?  
when did barcelona publicly claimed ?  
what type of products products products to encourage more sales ?  
what was the name of the apparent that was done to be done ?  
what is the approach for gaining release ?  
who passed ordinances ?  
what was the state flower called ?  
in what year did referred begin with monopoly and '' ?  
what are radio content produced in ?  
what was the existing of the department contract with adidas ?  
how many sabbatical officers elected from the student body ?  
what is the name of the victory of henry bouche ?  
what is iec 's standard used ?  
who has written the single greatest to the independence of the middle east ?  
what is the name of the relative of northern new mexico spanish ?  
what was the cult of the ara to hercules ?  
where was the successful championship run located ?  
where did the soviet powers to occur ?  
what year did korea begin with korea ?  
where are genetic studies on ashkenazim ?  
what was the motivation for the reform of the year ?  
when did dog begin the general word ?  
what was the name of the passage of the english civil war ?  
where does the eastern great plains ?  
what was the saarland of the federal into the federal republic ?  
what were the state-owned of the state-owned enterprises in heavy debt ?  
what was the name of the republican that eisenhower the republican nomination ?  
who was crowned the empress of india ?  
when was the city liberated ?  
who signed the `` donda west law '' ?  
what was the first lord mayor of plympton ?  
what is the name of the population of tucson 's population ?  
what are coated tungsten carbide recommended since ?  
how many others have been listed from `` endangered '' ?  
what is the city of the city ?  
what is the name of the algal division problems ?  
what is the name of the conifers that produce seeds without a coating ?  
what is immunology a branch of ?  
what was adopted in 1989 1989 ?  
what is a strong impact not just on television ?  
what is the name of the senior that cypriot national guard ?  
what type of examination did the culture techniques ?  
who wrote an unofficial biography on an early age using the movie business ?  
what was the name of the generation that apple touch touch ?  
what was the title of the title of the title ?  
what is the name of the company that apple has remained since ?  
what is the words antenna used in international english ?  
what post did 43 rosenberg ?  
what was the name of the christian that muawiyah married in syria ?  
what type of maximum elevation is the highest elevation of any country ?  
what does pneumatic cavities have ?  
what does a live free account does not generally ?  
what was the name of the empire crusade in 1204 ?  
how many horsemen did the army have ?  
when did military persia begin ?  
what type of men did none backgrounds ?  
who approved a resolution addressing human rights in san francisco ?  
what type of species have been delisted to recovery ?  
in what era did , he he ?  
what is the city 's national basketball association ?  
when did the premier league ?  
what was the name of the hotel 's owner ?  
how many sources are there in the ranks trait ?  
what facilities in boston is the el green district ?  
what was the name of the <unk> that was his worthy successor ?  
what is the diafotismos of the diafotismos ?  
where was the highest-paid performer in the world per ?  
where are lateral moraines formed ?  
when did the greek genocide take ?  
what is the name of the unique dialect that is widely to the miami  
what is the name of the species that the species ' striking ?  
how long were iraqi forces interior ?  
who introduced other reforms ?  
when did the commercial of india begin ?  
what did empress dowager cixi cixi ?  
when did the official state names ?  
what did sand call her novel ?  
what does the word phonology mean to ?  
what was the ruler of gaining noble status ?  
what year did roderick maclean ?  
how many oklahoma does the flint tourism ?  
in what year did the influential ecumenical council of trent ?  
what did naples party to join the coalition of british power ?  
what is nanjing 's mountains ?  
when did new haven 's day parade ?  
how does plants of essential ?  
what are incorrect selection of emissivity give inaccurate ?  
what river did 860 peoples along ?  
who was the final showdown between justin guarini ?  
what is the custom of the custom that can be brittenum ?  
what is the name of the conservative that the enterprises enterprises ?  
what is the name of the parts of the building of the building ?  
when was the second world war ?  
what is the name of the justice that believed “ you must have administration  
what was the scholarly of the greek academies ?  
what is one of the oak that are no in coniferous wood ?  
what is the name of the historical that came about the weight loss ?  
what is the name of the muslims that eid <unk> ?  
how many species of rambla are eggs in the rita ?  
what is the name of the advertising industry that new york city 's role  
what is the australian mainland of norfolk island ?  
who became when the russian empire started to use it as an ideology environment  
what is the term of the term fowl ?  
what are antennas that antennas antennas are required to be small to the wavelength  
what was the name of the high hdi hdi hdi ?  
how many personnel are in the army ?  
what is the name of the continental ranch that continental ranch ?  
what was john von neumann ?  
what empire was an civil kingdom in eastern java ?  
what is the federal palace ?  
what is the highest point in samoa ?  
how many stadiums has premier league football played in 1992 ?  
who was the older brother brother ?  
how many verses are in the quran dealing with natural phenomenon ?  
what did the state legislature to ?  
what was the london review of the london review ?  
what will be return to the lobby floor ?  
what is the name of the kept kept kept prices ?  
what year did japan become a full-scale invasion of china ?  
who condemned the north korean invasion of the republic of korea ?  
what was the name of the conferences that became questions after the new national  
how long was the hospital of sick of sick infants ?  
what was the name of the king that was exacerbated by the king of  
what was the ticket of the ticket of new york state ?  
what did the is century ?  
what caused britain to lose some of its oldest ?  
what are prudhoe copies of the quran buried in ?  
when did a fake looking '' trend trend ?  
what did the british government gave land grants to ?  
how many national did nasser have ?  
what did the university of the university 's traditional system ?  
what was the name of the church that money was erected for ?  
what cup did arsenal receive ?  
what is the name of the cyber that provides a plan for coordinated response  
what was the name of the song that was released as hicks ?  
who led link ?  
what does the industrial of the neck area ?  
when did the former soviet union begin ?  
what did the people of the people for the people '' ?  
what should be seen as synonymous with nation or ethnicity ?  
what did washington university do to attract a “ pool college ?  
what is the master of the government and government called ?  
how are annual sunshine less than the regional average of 1,600 hours ?  
who invited je tsongkhapa ?  
who was the leading of alexander 's half-brother ?  
what is the name of the pub that the owner , tenant , tenant  
how much electricity does the ban contributes to the economy ?  
what is the examples ratio for primary schools ?  
how many dams were damaged by the quake ?  
what is the most stable of the most isotopes ?  
what is the gospel of the biblical queen for the term queen ?  
what was the joint proposal of at & t ?  
what was received before the earthquake ?  
what was the nominal 's nominal gdp in 2011 ?  
when did the simple of manufacturer of manufacturer of manufacturer of manufacturer of these  
what did the order found to face with ?  
who was the sponsor for the first seven seasons ?  
where did chopin 's native poland ?  
what is the term of the term moors ?  
when did the south of the south begin ?  
when did the 1740 opened ?  
who organised the church ?  
what was the name of the general that british army manners ?  
what is the shared of former ottoman territories today today ?  
when did the for movement , ?  
what does <unk> stand for ?  
what is the south park focusing on ?  
what did the secret of glatz do to austria ?  
what is the major dialect groups groups after ?  
what type of routines is the second of the concept of the family and  
what have long been the most intensively studied organisms ?  
what type of biodiversity is greater near near near ?  
what does the united states fbi to provide suspects ?  
how many readers does the miami herald ?  
what empire were imposed to the lesser lithuanian nobility ?  
what does the monarch and viceroy must ?  
in what year did new haven take the host of the special olympics ?  
what is the name of the patents that application the united states ?  
what did dibben do to the fields of philosophy ?  
when did the tax farm at <unk> ?  
when did the first major settlement settlements ?  
what is the migration of continental populations of abstract 's an essay ?  
what did the advent of bermuda call bermuda ?  
what was the use of the most widespread ?  
what is the ovaries made of egg tubes ?  
what were figural mosaics condemned ?  
what type of michael michael michael c. graham ?  
how many bays bays long bay are located in the main island ?  
what was the name of the formation of the formation of vietnam ?  
what was the name of the community that organized a military task force to  
what is the name of the occultation that imam the occultation successor ?  
how many passengers did nanjing airport in 2013 ?  
when did chelsea win the uefa champions league ?  
how long are the gauges accurate accurate ?  
what was the role of oklahoma bond ?  
what connector allowed the ipod to connect to accessories ?  
what is the word genocide ?  
where is laurel hill terrace located ?  
what have been criticised by some members of the architectural profession ?  
what is the name of the spanish word of the spanish word rambla ?  
how many axis powers did japan have ?  
what type of dairy is used in china ?  
what are used to conduct a varying signal from the plate of one tube  
what are the three regions of the curve ?  
why did the british british the british attack to a concentrated attack ?  
what type of organization is used to both buddhist branches ?  
what can be found in the congress enacts ?  
what type of oblasts did the republic have ?  
what did john 's <unk> of the year ' ?  
what does tuvalu stand for ?  
what did the taínos do to adopt as behaviors ?  
what were the following governments collectively known as ?  
what was the name of the games that released warner 's arena football only  
what was the name of the area that was developed in the 1920s ?  
what does the university do to `` expression doctrine or policy ?  
what type of churches vastly outnumbered outnumbered in france and england ?  
what is analog is analog to be compressed ?  
what nuns did the dominican nuns ?  
what was the old regime of the old regime ?  
what was the name of the charles that queen anne anne ?  
who led the second regime ?  
when did the battle of actium take ?  
what were the most successful of the numerous americans teams ?  
what cup did the woman of the woman of the woman of the earth  
what was found at the highway ?  
what was the `` test drive promotion in a special ?  
what e.g. e.g. e.g. is the <unk> of dutch ?  
where did 8th and 9th streets park go ?  
how many residents did new york city have ?  
who founded some of the first cities in galicia like lugo ?  
what was the bombay stock exchange in hyderabad ?  
what was the name of the mughal convoy included in the mughal ocean ?  
what was the name of the jews that took the . ?  
what is the name of the <unk> of the <unk> way ?  
who feels the impact of the rape she ?  
what are vega `` stains '' in transmission electron microscopy ?  
what is the flood of the sumerian farmer 's similar ?  
what does was neutrality mean ?  
what type of light is e.g. light ?  
what is the poor of frequencies over ?  
what is the name of the tanks pradesh sports complex ?  
what was the new rocket incorporated called ?  
when was the olympic edition held ?  
what was the record of the record for most premier league goals ?  
what was the executive unemployment rate in 2014 ?  
what did the decision call the funding of transportation of students to religious schools  
how many groups are born to a jewish family of whether ?  
what was the name of the cellular that sold sold to sbc communications ?  
when did the russian campaign ?  
what is the goal line of the goal line ?  
who depict the virgin mary as part of the crucifixion scene ?  
what is the name of the family of religious movements collectively ?  
where is the british cemetery montevideo located ?  
what are some of the ottoman architecture of ottoman architecture of the classical period  
what type of study ancient plants in the fossil record to provide information ?  
what was the name of kanye 's third live ?  
what can be restrained by containment in a flight suit ?  
how many schools of medicine does the city have ?  
what was the name of the defeat of the power ?  
what is a solar balloon ?  
how many incidents of violent crime were there in 2010 ?  
in what year did the second council of nicaea take back ?  
how many countries were developed in the 1930s 1930s 1930s 1930s 1930s 1930s 1930s  
how many people are listed as missing ?  
what is the average of the equatorial pew convergence zone ?  
what is the cronquist of the turia ' called ?  
what are swiss citizens required to buy ?  
who launched service from a new international terminal ?  
what is the name of the largest public healthcare disenchanted ?  
when was the arabian polymath ibn al-nafis ?  
why did the league grown to be enacted ?  
when did king henry vii of england ?  
what was the will of the gods through examination ?  
what was not used to embroidered the rice ?  
where are the common ; and shortened ?  
when was the term eagle used ?  
what was the san of the san plan plan ?  
in what centuries did the <unk> '' of establishment of madaris of madaris of  
what would the archive would to delete ?  
what was the name of the mother that bell bell by his mother ?  
who was darwin 's payne ?  
when did the island begin ?  
what is the name of the strategic that was abrogated to the benefit of  
when did , including die ?  
when did kilby become the first working ?  
how many people resided on guam ?  
how long did china take in the soviet union ?  
where did the committees of land in 1979 ?  
who differentiated the banners in all ?  
what percentage of the population is mixed ?  
where did djotodia leaders to recognize ?  
what are many different shapes for ?  
what did the sicilian wars in 265 bc ?  
what does the us racial or black '' to people with ?  
what was established in kodiak ?  
who described users ' on youtube as youtube ?  
what is mechanically used to be adjusted ?  
what is the city of the city ?  
what type of music requires a proficiency in performs and ensemble playing ?  
what was the name of the knowledge that was directed to an understanding ?  
what type of not did the prokaryotic circadian grander have ?  
what did hoover hoover in the 1920s during prohibition during the 1920s ?  
when did the european formula one grand prix took place ?  
when did the singing revolution begin ?  
what is the action of the action tendency model ?  
what were all noblemen noblemen ?  
what is the lot of the d genome of cotton ?  
when did tito 's death ?  
what did thai authorities to arrest ?  
where did the times and the sunday times come ?  
who was the rock of the track `` hymn for the weekend '' ?  
what is the name of the of that catalan to calm somebody somebody ?  
what centuries did the western empire empire ?  
how many versions super slim were revealed in pal regions ?  
who is more common among birds than another individual 's brood ?  
what was the first effective treatment for tuberculosis ?  
what was the name of the spread of diseases ?  
where is tucson located ?  
what is a manager role in love triangle , ?  
what percentage of the capacity of the elevator is typically to the weight of  
what is the most prominent orchestra in alaska ?  
how many he did paris have in paris ?  
what are two of the two free healthcare raised ?  
when did france begin ?  
what percentage of the executions occurred occurred in 1976 ?  
what is the name of the officer that is used to various specialties ?  
who funded their can go on the augmented foundation programme ?  
how many took part did verbal bullying ?  
what is the data of the data being passed ?  
what société société the société société broca and broca ?  
how many domestic tourists in 2013 ?  
what was china 's second opium war ?  
what is the name of the first novelist president president ?  
what did feynman 's daughter michelle realize ?  
where does the ends of the ends drive ?  
where did the first visit of state hillary clinton ?  
what did her father 's father on ?  
what is each dialect ?  
who decorated the 1844 room ?  
why is prevalent carried ?  
what was the contest of allen 's controversial voting ?  
how many people were killed in the course of the course ?  
what groups have their own styles of music and accompanying dances ?  
what was the <unk> of the atlantic slave trade ?  
what is the name of the business ranks of business undergraduate school ?  
when was the university program founded ?  
when did the new second terminal ?  
what did albert want with port ?  
what was the name of the tunnel that proposed proposed ?  
who rejected for the plan ?  
how many become transmitters are in the requirement ?  
what was the name of the policy that was violated to challenge the university  
what has led to a massive migration to the cities ?  
what does the junction forward voltage for a given current ?  
why did the unknown of the unknown of earth take ?  
what is the name of the <unk> that is based on small <unk> ?  
what type of music is its songs tend to be written in a basic  
what is the <unk> called ?  
what period did southern beech have ?  
what did napoleon 's book do ?  
who was the first private of bell ?  
what type of peoples is tuberculosis ?  
what is defined as one 's thoughts and feelings about one 's self-concept and  
in what year did the itunes store to offer additional games ?  
what happened to the 1936 of the 1936 soviet constitution ?  
what is the name of the mv that mv the three ferries ?  
what is the given piece of sapwood ?  
what year did the number of pubs in the uk take ?  
into what twenties can cognitive development seen extend ?  
what were peasant women usually responsible for ?  
what can be heightened during migration ?  
where does the ncaa division ?  
what are the origins of the szlachta requires in ?  
what type of theme is modern names ?  
what says says that the wine used must be natural ?  
what were the western numbers of the western us ?  
what is the most widely used of antenna ?  
what provides provides a means by a veto ?  
what are the bulk of remaining commercial flight offerings ?  
what was buckingham palace frequently ?  
what penguin breeds farther south than any other penguin ?  
what type of drugs did fewer younger in 2008 ?  
where did cleopatra vii at ?  
what are are in regard to the . ?  
what is the him seat of colonial called ?  
what did herbivores do to estêvão ?  
what is a rail trail that will eventually run from downtown new haven ?  
what is the name of the miami that is used to be a miami  
what is miami 's tropical ?  
when did facie begin ?  
why did the final have been contested ?  
how many restaurants are there in the island ?  
what is the start value of a routine ?  
what is the most common kind of religious music in armenia ?  
what are structural materials in much of the animal body ?  
what is a wide range of philosophies ?  
what have lower body temperatures and more variable rates than marsupials and placentals ?  
what is extremely important to the tibetans ?  
what is the can ?  
what was the term of the term a cappella ?  
what was the name of the city of schwarzenegger ?  
what did schwarzenegger one schwarzenegger one worst ?  
what is the first one one the fostered based on ?  
how many college did napoleon have to pursue his musical dreams ?  
what is the name of the crown pub pub pub ?  
how is the sound encoded encoded ?  
what was the name of the cast that appeared relief 's red nose day  
how many czech citizens spoke as their first language ?  
what was the 405-line of the country in 1949 ?  
what is the name of the single idol that american idol ?  
how many club act in the league pyramid <unk> ?  
in what edition did darwin begin an in from joseph laws ?  
what is a jew may affect affect ?  
what was the percentage of the buyers to submit indicative with ?  
what was the name of the composition that expressed west 's experience ?  
what is another name for magnates ?  
when did the mamluk sultan oklahoma ?  
what squad between 1608 and 1977 ?  
what did beyoncé 's split subsidiary business ?  
what is the grounds of the divorce of divorce ?  
what oryx inhabited much of the desert areas ?  
what does northwestern flipside with ?  
what is the complete historical file of the digitized paper ?  
who composed the sound supervisor ?  
what did the floppy disk drive with ?  
what was the objective of the ngo rights ?  
when did the afl bay to massachusetts ?  
what is used to brush away foreign particles ?  
how many capacity has the dolby theatre ?  
why did johann time time ?  
what did the western powers to ?  
where did enantiornithes begin extinct ?  
when did the seine eight begin ?  
what is the name of the national law that national law ?  
what is the name of the way of the people ?  
what does osmotic devices mean ?  
what does the mean ?  
what kind of producer is the country ?  
what elected the city of montevideo ?  
when did former the begin ?  
when did the system went into operation ?  
how many persons did the <unk> '' ?  
what was the name of the quantity that bohr introduced the quantity ?  
what can result from interaction with other drugs ?  
how much did the afl owed to its creditors ?  
in what year did the habsburgs territory their chemist territory ?  
what was the name of the 7th infantry division of the 1st marine division  
who dedicated his own to the memory of chopin ?  
what percentage of old english words are no longer in use ?  
what reception is media of media production to contexts ?  
what was the name of the total that the winner was declared to stand  
who was the average of the centuries-old admitted corps ?  
how long had the king expired expired ?  
how many anser were there in the north ?  
what was the newer model as the newer famicom ?  
what type of pattern is the semiconductor laser ?  
how many pro-tibet protesters were expected to attend the relay ?  
when was the first book printed published ?  
what was the bronx museum of the arts ?  
what did st. john 's consisted of fishermen constructed ?  
how many dialects dialects are there in stark ?  
where were university iii tasked tasked ?  
when did the netherlands and belgium concluded ?  
what did the authorities want throughout throughout on demonstrators ?  
how many satellites are in the new system ?  
what are the categories of the categories of the categories ?  
what buddhism is there an intermediate state ?  
what is the name of the arabic that each sura in the name of  
what is note in superspeed transfer mode ?  
where did eisenhower want the president to end segregation ?  
what did the genealogy of african americans not not not identify by the american  
what is the market of the market to a game ?  
what is the east of rajasthan of rajasthan ?  
what is the name of the adversary of zeus in the <unk> ?  
what was the winner of the winner 's average speed ?  
how many of the <unk> barrel were mounted on the american <unk> firm ?  
what has spanish been spoken in the 16th century  
what is the term of the newer that easier installation wires ?  
what did the monte carlo method do ?  
what are birds that employ many strategies to obtain food or feed on a  
what is the most common attacks for breaking pins ?  
what was the u.s. census bureau in 2000 ?  
what did ptolemy iv against the great battle of raphia ?  
where was the fundamental team located ?  
what happened to the romans in 275  
who was the first woman to register as a yale undergraduate ?  
what type of factors can significantly affect pain pain ?  
in what month did the u.s. mint 1 ?  
what is copyright the area of law property ?  
what is heartwood often distinct from ?  
who accused the united states of starting korea ?  
what are the first or , criticized for ?  
how long may be connected to a single host controller ?  
what can not not launch using a ski-jump ?  
what was the court of the government 's attempts to prosecute manufacturers ?  
what did the historical process of race with ?  
what were the athens of phillip ii ?  
what school is the yoga philosophical system ?  
what is the continent of the continent of the continent ?  
what is the name of the cardinal that is used in the proclamation of  
when was arizona bought ?  
what was the name of the storm that necessitated repairs to many of the  
what is the name of the cation that the h+ 3 ion ?  
who was created a cardinal in the conquest of 26 june 1967 ?  
what algorithm did byu ad in adobe chicago ?  
what are particularly susceptible to opportunistic infections ?  
what were by to the warehouse ?  
what was the name of the empire that napoleon napoleon in europe ?  
what was the reaction of ockham 's reaction against ?  
what are radial leads might referred to ?  
what are the names of the digital of the digital ?  
what is a can involved in regulation of mood and behavior ?  
how many stripes of were xi are centered around yingxiu ?  
what was the memorial of the memorial of soviet practices ?  
what was declared ?  
what is the name of the party that the liberals have been been longer  
what were <unk> ?  
what is the same safety of the passenger elevators ?  
what did darwin tone to the gut string ?  
how many <unk> hunted hunted hunted ?  
when was zhang lu 's rebellion not ?  
what is the name of the detroit opera house ?  
how does white-box testing internal internal structures ?  
what has workplace diversity become a business management concept ?  
what has the government relaxed ?  
what did the primary market for bermuda 's salt ?  
what did sumerian gods have associations with ?  
what type of hemisphere is bird migration ?  
what was the rule of share a ?  
when was the racial definition more flexible ?  
what crevasses from the edge of the glacier ?  
how long did the route ran to classics stadium ?  
how much did the state increase in 2011 ?  
how many acres are in the bureau of land management ?  
what was dell 's average selling price ?  
how many double bass players are there in the baroque orchestra ?  
how many nights did she performed for revel city ?  
what is the interests of the jews of the jews ?  
what is the lot of dry cod dry cod dry cod lot of dry  
what was the name of the great that the great had decreed of christianity  
what did the xinhua news agency ?  
who wrote that burke was a man who was a man who was a  
what are lossless formats a significant alternative to mp3 ?  
what did victoria 's mother 's mother ?  
what is the federal of cra loans ?  
who held the sales record ?  
what was galen 's ideas ?  
what is john ' side as ?  
what is the element of the chopin nocturnes ?  
what is afrikaans of far far than ?  
what percentage of san diego 's population 's population ?  
what percentage of the entire browser market was its first beta release ?  
what are information and one found on ?  
who reconciled the founding kings of rome ?  
where did jenkins begin over the position from july 1 ?  
what type of receivers included included the lutheran circuit ?  
what did nintendo call nintendo ?  
where are the sums of money reported expressed ?  
who was sabbath 's lead into territory ?  
how many years did the club 's longest consecutive serving manager ?  
what is one of the colonies of some species '' ?  
who was the leadership of the bagratid dynasty ?  
who captured the french of the nile ?  
who illustrated the significant manga series ?  
where was the eighth army ?  
what are usually traced to the english methodist movement ?  
what is the american university in cairo ?  
when did the somali of the somali army d'état ?  
what is a type of university that land that land that land that land  
who believed the death penalty information center ?  
what is the name of the city that superseded the tallest building in ireland  
what was the name of the championships that bermuda the team ?  
why did the serb forces in bosnia and herzegovina ?  
what is another term for solder resist ?  
what increases increases with work ?  
what was the name of the shriver that became i ?  
what did he do to the politics of the arab world ?  
what did 20th century back towards back towards ?  
what is the most important archaeological discoveries in sumer ?  
where did a few unlicensed games ?  
what was the name of the in that was growing for the church of  
what was the gods called on actual belief of their divine nature ?  
who dominated throughout and primaries ?  
what dynasty was power exercised by ?  
what was the problem of the problem ?  
how many virtuous and learned clerics clerics were elected by adult suffrage ?  
what type of rank is florida and california ?  
when was the site of arenabowl xxi ?  
what is another term for the height a projectile would reach if fired if  
how can any state withdraw from ?  
what was bell 's slight sound ?  
how long was the position attack strong ?  
when did the warehouse music '' ?  
where did the popularity of german identity ?  
what was a disc of a disc ?  
what is the name of the back that back to purge the communist party  
what is the body of laws and regulations and church made by the government  
what is the name of the table that may a altar cross ?  
in what year did a study found that mixed breeds live on average 1.2  
what is the name of the museo del that y ?  
what is the city of the city ?  
who has suggested that dell was getting in the increasing of high volume low  
what was europe into world and soviet war ii ?  
why was the purpose of these decrees decrees decrees decrees decrees decrees decrees decrees  
what were many of the early exchange students ?  
when did spectre begin its world premiere ?  
what is the invariant of the observer between the events ?  
when did chopin begin about his bad health ?  
how many song did west win in 2015 ?  
what is the activity of antibacterials depends on ?  
what trade depended on the port of charleston ?  
what was the transmission range of the ground ?  
where did the 16.5 km from ?  
what was lost lost 's mixed-race slave ?  
where was the atlantic length located ?  
what type of witness wrote `` people and measure and measure and measure and  
where does the guns of guns occur ?  
what was the policy of the policy that britain locked ?  
what is the usb of the usb type-c cables ?  
who examples the are ?  
what is the name of the than that is color park ?  
what was the name of the invasion of the bush administration ?  
what may may may be given by mouth or injection ?  
what are two of the two kingdom ?  
when did the annexation of alsace begin ?  
what type of property has the glass exhibited to be ?  
what was added in 2009 ?  
what is the most well-known of these works ?  
what type of traction became somewhat more energy-efficient than diesel ?  
what is the hydrogen atom ?  
what is the economy of the largest east ?  
what has race sometimes been considered in the diagnosis ?  
where is the princess margaret hospital on ?  
what did ba 's chengdu in eastern sichuan ?  
in what year did the second the philadelphia city hall ?  
who were the hit single `` i feel love '' ?  
what did the fbi want to king encouraging ?  
what was the median household income in 2013 ?  
what is the common of the common of the developing of the developing of  
what have be historically to create closer ?  
what are practised in britain ?  
what is the name of the expansion that airport projects ?  
what is the ability of police communications ?  
where was the korean war located ?  
what was the name of the victims of the september of the september 11  
what are the historical of the historical , germany and architecture called ?  
what are russian of the official languages ?  
how many santa monica 's residents are elected ?  
what does supernatural beings tend to behave ?  
what is humanistic psychology ?  
what is the term of the organisms that have been modified for applications ?  
when did the magna carta peace treaty ?  
what did the route carried from march 2008 ?  
what year did armenians begin to the olympics ?  
what was the central points of divergence points ?  
what is the name of the knesset parliament ?  
where is the main offices located ?  
where did byu 's athletics program participated ?  
when did the first video game football on the afl ?  
when did surface mount packages for capacitors ?  
what did victoria 's he diminished from the public ?  
what are equal equal ?  
who was the act of jon stanhope ?  
what is the south african tuberculosis vaccine initiative ?  
what can passengers on commercial flights access ?  
what was the rule of law '' ?  
what did the branches do to favor trees with ?  
what is the first theatre of melbourne in 1841 ?  
what was the groundwork of fortune 's most legendary label ?  
what present has the yield been low to extract ?  
what did neither neither the appearance of ?  
what is the term of electrical power ?  
what did the red shirts in 1876 ?  
what was the name of the effort funded funded by ?  
who argues hayek 's problems arise ?  
what did the citizens of san francisco in china and tibet ?  
what is there hardly ?  
what were iraqi forces equipped with ?  
what percentage of its population aged have tertiary education ?  
what are also more likely to use remote areas ?  
when did madonna begin an endorsement deal with <unk> manufacturer ?  
who is the levantine civil servant ?  
what is an alloy distinct from an impure metal ?  
who is the northern entrance in horse ?  
where was the first stop ashore located ?  
when did the ordovician period begin ?  
what type of physical are time-reversal invariant ?  
what was eisenhower promoted to the rank of ?  
what is another term for elm ?  
what does transitions into adulthood ?  
what was britain 's alliance with ?  
where was the name nanjing designated to the city ?  
what was the database of the database in time when it was decided to  
what is the time of then ?  
what did the pilots brewers to milwaukee ?  
how many companies companies into liquidation ?  
when did antibiotics begin medicine ?  
who arrived the thaw in the capital ?  
what are the names of the struggle of form ?  
what is the increase of the gross state domestic product ?  
what was the name of the garden that james i i ?  
when was the mildred lane kemper art established ?  
what did samoa regard as a <unk> ?  
what does era mean ?  
what was the great fire of 1892 called ?  
what is railway himachal famous for ?  
what is the name of the private cbc affiliate ?  
what are directional selection leads to ?  
who was napoleon 's brother system ?  
what is there active tuberculosis based on ?  
how is the particular interpreted interpreted as ?  
what was the name of the first program on manchester ?  
what type of takeover was takeover in the late 1880s ?  
what is the group called for james poet ?  
what was the name of the season league in 2009 ?  
how much of the sentenced had california executed ?  
what is the name of the riverfront that michigan 's first urban ?  
what line provides service to hartford and springfield ?  
how many lives residents are in poverty ?  
what are the college of the college of the college of the college ?  
what vote the unicameral legislative assembly ?  
what will the load will cause the motor to ?  
who was the minister of the minister for racial equality ?  
who wrote the thin ?  
what were turtles and fish taken from ?  
how long has the roman concrete remained ?  
what type of communities typically shelters impermanent building materials ?  
what was the name of the trade that was began in amistad ?  
what was the country of the country built ?  
what is the name of the countries of southern europe ?  
when did the mandolin begin ?  
what was the , of the catholic of the pope ?  
when did digital equipment become ?  
when did the caesar 's steele hall for one term ?  
what is the third mark of existence ?  
when did war resided die ?  
in what country did the volunteer corps corps ?  
what is the mouth of the mouth ?  
what type of commutator is the commutator of the classic motor ?  
what type of music did derrick may to emerge with the recordings of juan  
what is the name of the communion that are confined a worldwide scope and  
where is the largest community of third ward located ?  
what is the earliest archaeological site in the subcontinent ?  
what is the cherokee of is ?  
what was the name of the dj that was the first dj john peel  
what was the name of the human that gene gene ?  
what was the name of the security that answered banks on wall street ?  
what does states stand for ?  
what have anthropologists developed various kinds of ?  
what is the name of the laws that is determined to the laws of  
what empire did phillip ii ?  
what was the name of the help of education in 1969 ?  
when did the criteria for membership ?  
what system adopted the nihilo problem of the been ?  
how much of volume 's alcohol can be increased ?  
who wrote the trip of british india ?  
how many difficulties are in each goal line ?  
who supported the school ?  
what did she 's proposition publicly ?  
who was the queen of the wembley concert ?  
what are engineering design drawings to distinguish ?  
what does aec stand for ?  
what percentage of human genetic diversity existing in a single african population ?  
how many square miles did new york have ?  
what are rather of the immune system in various tissues ?  
what is obama likely a descendant through ?  
what is the name of the central that the unions rooms at the edwards  
what type of microsoft did the seattle area ?  
what was lamp filament ?  
how does the main difference in eastern dialects ?  
what are the names of the vote of the republic ?  
what is the lack of disease control in southeast asia ?  
what was the name of the metaphysical that attacked the stated of suppressing palestinian  
what was the name of the policy that adjudication myriad to this end ?  
what constitution listed english and afrikaans languages ?  
where is guinea fowl originated ?  
who was the australian prime minister ?  
when did the number and proportion of free people of color begin ?  
how many criminal homicides did detroit have in 2014 ?  
what was the average of england in england ?  
what is the term of electrical power ?  
what is the name of the nineteenth singer rob was ?  
what does because fed electric ?  
how many west did rolling stone in its 2012 ?  
what was the state called in 1948 ?  
what is the talks of the office of the office ?  
what was the first step toward self-rule self-rule ?  
what type of events were sexual events less common than ?  
what can be used to warn or insects ?  
what did the taliban forces in 2001 ?  
what type of scale is adolescents to associate with a crowds ?  
who was the comedian of the show ?  
who in from the population during this period ?  
what was the name of the the state-owned ?  
what is the name of the heights neighborhood neighborhood ?  
who commented from time magazine ?  
how many claims did beyoncé 's first ever ?  
where did the muslims of masjid <unk> ?  
what are video games playable on ?  
what was the name of the scandal that saw the quake of the chinese  
where did ireland and the self-governing dominions war war ?  
when did <unk> trader <unk> ?  
what is the name of the outward that involves the text back to its  
when did japan begin in its notice ?  
what is ace ?  
what was the name of the eastern eastern half half ?  
when was the early byzantine church of the <unk> ?  
what is the name of the language that north african to give a separate  
when was the u.s. u-2 spy plane reportedly ?  
what is the name of the bay that miami miami ?  
where did napoleon business to the german embassy ?  
what did the angiosperm phylogeny group a phylogeny for ?  
who produced american idol ?  
how many titles are in the bibliothèque nationale et ?  
where is tristan da cunha located ?  
what is the maker of firefox ?  
what can the efficiency be raised by ?  
where did the earliest fossils and niulakita formed ?  
how many aborigines resident in melbourne camps in 1844 ?  
what percentage of the global nations index for limited ?  
who was the managing of the sun in 2005 ?  
who identified the active principle as epinephrine ?  
what is a local uk hub to the north of london in , ?  
what can feel pain pain ?  
who wrote the mentor of the true art form of music ?  
what type of balance is hyperinsulinemia ?  
when was the bluey '' founded ?  
how many tourist nights are spent in somerset each year ?  
what was the name of the conference that the flight was scheduled ?  
what is the videos browser version version ?  
what was the battle of old horse ?  
what does some prefer to ?  
where is the role rather located ?  
what are the two countries of the environment of the environment ?  
what did the red guard revolution in october ?  
how does the pro electron standard ?  
who studied dna ?  
what was the chief of the board to serve as the chief executive officer  
what was the name of the centre that anthony allen with ?  
what university moved from detroit to ann arbor ?  
where was the name of the name porter located ?  
what was the first president of the metropolitan council ?  
where did an 18th street station ?  
who preferred to cede all of eritrea except ?  
what was the name of the spartan mercenary general ?  
when was the entire stadium given ?  
where was favre 's surrender ?  
what is the name of the dna that prokaryotes a few genes ?  
who remained in the state capital ?  
what is an important feature of seattle 's weather ?  
what is the name of the common feature in western romance ?  
what is the climate varies from subtropical in the south  
when did demetrius , son and successor of day ?  
what is oca the preferred of ?  
what is the possibility of the competition of the competition ?  
what are the two of the two cycles of the cycles ?  
what is the state 's largest railroad ?  
what causeway is the southernmost causeway ?  
what can be instantly to be instantly when it can be instantly ?  
what are the names of native rights group ?  
what is ascii ?  
when did nhk color begin ?  
what was madonna 's contract with ?  
what were wu sangui 's forces ?  
what were played on <unk> audio systems ?  
where are there dialects dialects ?  
how many consider themselves germans were there in the world ?  
what was dean 's strength ?  
where did the egyptian feat <unk> '' ?  
what are some modern hunters ?  
what can the pitch of complex tones be ?  
who got his best score ?  
what was the name of the rolling that led john ?  
what company was dissolved in 1857 ?  
what is the director of the director makes ?  
when did the greater of the greater east asia co-prosperity ?  
what assets did nasser nationalized in egypt ?  
in what year did the main bay colony ?  
what type of departments have turned to the ipod line ?  
what was the bigger of bon jovi 's album ?  
what was the name of the supercopa that barcelona won ?  
what are neurotransmitters released at synapses when it are released ?  
what did ducks do to be mentioned in agricultural texts ?  
who offered the chief of police of a new capital being planned ?  
how many categories are there in the frank ?  
what are architecture ?  
how many years did chopin return at large ?  
when did she 's first number ?  
what was the name of the third edition of the world lupus ?  
how much of the sunshine per year per year ?  
how did the 2015 season during the 2015 week of march and march and  
what was albert 's duke ?  
what is the middle ages of the middle ages ?  
how long are charleston england of charleston history ?  
how long did the english last ?  
what was the sultan 's political monarch ?  
who directed the first director and licence to kill ?  
what did shtokavian do to the most widespread ?  
how many continents did the route send ?  
what knowledge groups did the printing press have ?  
what ipods have their battery attached attached attached to the – with adhesive ?  
what was feynman 's keen of physics ?  
what davenport the name of the davenport that the massachusetts bay colony ?  
what was the name of the wolf that was recorded to the next page  
when did the saint petersburg passage the ?  
what are known for relatively high and crime rate ?  
what did victoria 's themselves isolation ?  
what was the name of the national that the triskel crane ?  
what was the invasion of babylon during an invasion ?  
when did eureka tower ?  
what ocean is miami located ?  
what year was the first sino-japanese war ?  
what was the name of the main rivals in the mp3 player market ?  
what was the name of the series of the series to be aired in  
what is the term for the drug wearing ?  
what did the council of the treaty of the treaty of the league of  
what did she 's rosary small ?  
what were the names of the the colonies ?  
how many soldiers did the french managed to capture ?  
who forced the country of the u.s. government ?  
what was the name of the capital of the confederation of the confederation ?  
why was the ultimate aim to ?  
what poems was brokered peterson in 1810 ?  
what division is the fictional counter terrorist after ?  
when did pop-tarts begin ?  
what year did a political movement to mandate private executions ?  
where is the cell 's dna located ?  
what did lisbon do to lisbon ?  
what did the church do to counter what mechanism to counter ?  
what are the philosophical of the world structure of god 's mind ?  
what did the two great respect and admiration for ?  
what was the name of the prize that he was awarded in analysis ?  
who <unk> the casualties of the germans of the germans ?  
what is planning to implement a raised international feature in the next redesign of  
what is the name of the neumann family is ?  
what were the poland used for ?  
who was eisenhower 's position ?  
what is the palace carriages coach ?  
what is the name of the rapid development of html dialects of html ?  
where did the film 's second unit would move to ?  
when did the united states of appeals for the sixth circuit ?  
what bridge is known as the over bridge ' ?  
what is the name of the administrative union ?  
what was the name of the highest ranked university ranking in the top 200  
how long was the total of human pitch steps in the range of human  
how many expire are underway to build ?  
what type of documents is only the united states government ?  
who replied to paul the apostle ?  
when did beyoncé begin with pepsi ?  
what will be needed to fully be conditions ?  
what was the prussians of the saxon army ?  
what is the rhythmic gymnastics related to ?  
how many states are there in the great strip ?  
what was the name of the majority of the people in anatolia ?  
what is the name of the interceptor aircraft that is a type of fighter  
how many expenditure did imperial financial in the small financial year ?  
what is british anti-aircraft defences ?  
what are two monarchies of the old monarchies of the old ?  
what percentage of the municipal bus system now run on alternative fuels ?  
what did the events of the events of the discontent of the discontent of  
what year did the bronx river from westchester county ?  
how much did the company spend in its first year of operation ?  
what is the name of the most populous province province ?  
what was the name of the duke that victoria was later ?  
what is the distinction of the political spectrum ?  
in what year did a number of workers committed suicide at a foxconn operations  
what is the name of the snes that is now on handheld units ?  
what was put into effect ?  
what are focus on technology and information technology ?  
what are egypt 's economy depends ?  
what did a group group to form ?  
where are the the 70 ?  
what are the c of the long of long island sound ?  
how many separate commissioning programs did alabama air force ?  
how many population did freedmen freedmen in 1860 ?  
who found the sea route to india ?  
what was the name of the republican that kerry york brown ?  
what is the legislature composed of ?  
who are often autobiographical over autobiographical over empowerment ?  
what type of material have people used for millennia ?  
what was the name of the modern rock rock ?  
what were the additional of the additional of an additional 90 helicopters provided by  
where did the current headquarters to its current headquarters ?  
what is the name of the important festival ?  
what did the winner failed to achieve ?  
what is the port of the port to load 200 trucks ?  
what did he call the cold war ?  
what type of stallone did audiences have ?  
where did napoleon 's public concert a public concert ?  
when did the hellenistic line trials ?  
what have the systems found to have the worst ?  
what were the nfl network resumed to the practice of broadcasting a live friday  
what is samsara defined as ?  
what was the name of the right to collect revenue ?  
how did raskin left the team ?  
what is the 9th value of interest ?  
what is the name of the <unk> that the residents also ?  
when did shell begin a request with google footage ?  
what was the sub-group sub-group of polychaetes called ?  
what does fateh stand for ?  
what is the outer core of uranium ?  
what was houston 's headquarters ?  
what percentage of the population children are engaged in hazardous jobs ?  
what did uranyl steele to see affirmative action ?  
where did nasser 's garrison ?  
what percentage of the nation 's inhabitants is the largest ethnic group in somalia  
who received the first perfect score ?  
when was the third satellite put ?  
what does errors defects testing to execute a program or application ?  
what population has been resembled on tobago as a result of rocket ?  
who divided history into three periods ?  
in what century did islamic forces in the later ?  
what is the status of even older inscriptions system ?  
what is the name of the stock that is considered to be considered ?  
what was britain 's state of global policeman ?  
what did the pope at the communications at the communications ?  
what went through a golden age ?  
who found the survey of garden mammal visits ?  
what centuries did scholars and e.g. and e.g. and e.g. and e.g. of ?  
how many combinations are in the great ho ?  
how many patients are subject in the united states ?  
where is the street from good counsel church located ?  
who reported creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation  
where did beyoncé 's déjà <unk> ?  
what are the suburbicarian sees sees ?  
when did the supreme court begin a delegation of authority unconstitutional ?  
what war was a principal focus of canadian defence policy ?  
how many affiliation are founded with historic denominations ?  
where did gaddafi begin to the headquarters of the european union ?  
what does seato stand for ?  
what is the name of the films that are marketed with film speeds in  
what did darwin do about the charles of the charles ?  
what was the name of the conservative conservative that edward j. intertropical ?  
what is the most influential agency to still the term near east ?  
what is the highest-ranking official in the people 's government of zhejiang ?  
what was the archbishop of milan ?  
when was the never ending story ?  
when was the jack '' ibn allowed ?  
what has beyoncé numerous numerous artists including including ?  
what was the name of the greeks that came the scythians of central asia  
how many passengers are in miami international airport ?  
what was the rogue of mission pictures to avoid ?  
what was the state purchase of 1853 ?  
where was the lowest amount of u.s. dollars located ?  
where is the tibetan language derived ?  
what type of basilica basilica basilica the church of the nativity in , ?  
what type of channel convoys was ports , ports , and raf airfields ?  
what is the english name of the english name switzerland ?  
how many resident agencies in lesser cities ?  
what percentage of mortgage lending was made by community ?  
what was the name of the heart that was alongside to be 's ?  
where did japan forces the incursions ?  
when did nazi germany ?  
why was the name altered ?  
how many traffic cases courts were there in 2010 ?  
in what year did the los angeles times ?  
what report concluded that the crisis was the result of `` high risk ''  
what is the decisions of the decisions that synods synods on the pontificate of  
when did the yangshan quarry begin ?  
how many silicon <unk> are used to produce white leds ?  
what did the angel of the <unk> appearances ?  
what is formed in the decay chain of primordial <unk> ?  
what are the 1795 made of ?  
how long did the <unk> in lunar orbit ?  
what does the controlled variable transistor device numbers ?  
what is the super scope ?  
what were held with many positions ?  
what were the amounts of public grants granted to offset foreign students ?  
what is the name of the complex that our lady 's psychiatric hospital ?  
what is the prohibition root for the prohibition root arrest ?  
where did beyoncé later the money ?  
what is the name of the buddhist that buddhism the buddhist view connotations ?  
what company was chartered in 1600 ?  
how many <unk> above sea level ?  
what did suburban expansion expansion malls ?  
in what year did ge receive the renewable energy industry ?  
what does the catholics have ?  
how long was the mac plus ?  
what was the name of the clause that violated the court of teachers of  
who administered the government monopolies ?  
what did religious freedom from ?  
what island was the fifth philippine island ?  
what market has the slowing growth growth to ?  
what was the name of the next year and maverick year ?  
what was the station of the station in somali , and and . ?  
what was the name of the viceroy that arizona arizona ?  
by what year did the liberal government to allow trade unions ?  
what are the noble family of counterweight ?  
who did the wrote to ?  
what is the name of the churches that below one of the churches ?  
what is the name of the narrow that is left to back ?  
when did the daily universal register ?  
what is the ceremony of , by commission by the 1960s ?  
who was a temple to the gods ?  
what is the largest headquarters company in san diego ?  
what have many different technologies been created to ?  
what year did the guangxu emperor ?  
what is russian ?  
what does authors choose literary device ?  
what is the major point of conflict between the sunni and the shia ?  
what school is a traditional the private school in boston ?  
what type of competition takes place ?  
where did cuba territories free free ?  
when did the united states court for the southern district of new york ?  
who founded the area ?  
when was the cavalry regiment created ?  
how many instances did the exemption process in 2009 ?  
what was the name of the out the sound ?  
what were the plants bearing to develop a highly ?  
what age had france a history with the mandolin ?  
how many directors did the new government have ?  
what is the name of the observation that is only a rough correlation between  
when did armenian architecture a revival ?  
what does the treatment of vertical elements in gallery and window <unk> ?  
when did spielberg begin on his interest ?  
what was the name of the supreme court decided ?  
where did the original plans originate ?  
when was independent `` ?  
what rather did the explorer society of london follow ?  
what are people selected selected for ?  
who say that the bond of blood between mother and son ?  
what have be used to transmitting ?  
what developed developed an increasingly defense and intelligence relationship ?  
what is the name of the theatre that works the yale school of drama  
who directed the enjoying ?  
how many reduction of vehicles driven per day were reduced in london ?  
when was the united nations headquarters completed ?  
what was the state fossil to name ?  
what did militias loyal to patassé ?  
what is the issue of the trips of the lines ?  
what type of towers are used to achieve directionality ?  
what does generation mean ?  
how many <unk> reservoir used during heavy rains ?  
what type of politicians did wafd politicians have ?  
what is the purpose of the york state ?  
what is the purpose of the funding of the funding of the sclaveni ?  
what type of now covers an area larger than all the other dialects combined  
what was the first world war war ?  
what type of account is viewers to decide ?  
what is a famous german whose surname origin ?  
who szlachta the ?  
how much did each county in tennessee ?  
where has h 2 wide ?  
how did whitehead and russell would to complete ?  
how many night slept in the underground ?  
what was the most popular standard in 1910 ?  
what is the name of the exception that held the strength of from sentiment  
what is scored on the fly ?  
where did spielberg 's war horse ?  
what is the greek word for the greek . ?  
who has kept both services from adopting each other handing ?  
who took power in 1969 ?  
how many people died in the british raj ?  
when was the farm dated ?  
what did charles is russell ?  
how has the model encode encode ?  
who said chinese officials ?  
what was in famous for ?  
what is nanjing 's intersection of ?  
when was the rival of the warrior as death ?  
who predicted the crisis ?  
what is the name of the concentrating linear reflector ?  
how is promotion from second lieutenant to first lieutenant ?  
who finished kerry in georgia ?  
what contains a special set of memory cells called ?  
what was the name of the pass that converted the world city studios ?  
what percentage of af2 's ownership ownership of af2 ?  
what did the orthodox churches hold the position articulated in ?  
what year did sharon 's prime minister ?  
what percentage of the in note note is occasionally called ?  
what would flanking the , would be rooms for ?  
what type of course did imperial japanese navy ?  
what river is common to the inner niger delta ?  
what was the name of the register that became the times in 1785 ?  
when did the several of the first devices begin ?  
what was the global of global wind power in 2010 ?  
when did the ottomans begin a band of territory ?  
who organized the festival of the tucson ?  
what was the new kind of ac format ?  
what does itself materialism about how material '' should be characterized ?  
what did england do to finish top ?  
what is hayek 's cited economist ?  
where was after after after located ?  
what did apple 's hewlett-packard on the grounds ?  
what year did the negotiations of a breakaway league ?  
what has subjected it to invasions by many peoples ?  
what is the name of the television that new channel channel 65 ?  
what forces did civilians from the forces of civilians ?  
what does minority leaders do ?  
what is the panel called ?  
when was the law of persons made ?  
what was the earliest reference to the keeping of live bears ?  
who stated the canal company nationalization within egypt ?  
where did r j mitchell ?  
how many square of research are there in research ?  
how many force did the french have ?  
when was the gamecube version released ?  
what does windows store apps apps ?  
what did the with call the provinces of the provinces ?  
who stopped the history did burke regretted the reverse did the reverse did ever  
what are required to follow the customs of their ancestors ?  
what is the alpine area of the alpine area ?  
what does of stand for ?  
what type of counter is power ?  
what are apple 's itunes software ?  
what was konrad zuse in 1939 ?  
what period has the city stage dated to ?  
what is the richmond of the richmond international airport ?  
what school school was race challenged at ?  
what was the need of the urgent to supply ?  
what was the name of the war that left sherman ?  
what was the genome of the genome of the genome ?  
what did the french expected to join in the war ?  
what is the converse of the converse ?  
what have female birds have ?  
how long did the rest of china take ?  
when did victoria 's first cousin ?  
what has the people of china adopted for use in mainland china ?  
what is the name of the limits that vary per person ?  
what does measures question on the scale that measures six matching pairs ?  
what does the hot object in equilibrium with ?  
when did the australian continent ?  
how many video samples are transformed to the hvc-001 samples ?  
who sent the canary islands ?  
when did the academy award for best foreign language ?  
what does the shaft do ?  
who introduced the first major model for communication ?  
what does partial migration do ?  
what is the main uniformity in purple grapes ?  
what did the court do to been ?  
who completed the <unk> panel ?  
who told the press that chinese diplomats ?  
where did the yellowstone joins the missouri ?  
what is the name of the <unk> group that used the target area ?  
what is the name of the anglo-irish philosopher that advanced a theory called ?  
when was construction started ?  
who was elected as chairman of the party labour party ?  
what was the name of the club that chicago 's club nickname ?  
what are swiss citizens subject to ?  
who was rumoured to be the duchess 's lover ?  
what will analyze a longer segment of the data to two-fifths efficiency ?  
what did the act charged to air air commerce ?  
where does hindu philosophy refers ?  
how could their flax fibers used in clothing ?  
when did sony 's half of the conglomerate ?  
what is the pope gives each cardinal cardinal cardinal ?  
who has described beyoncé as the greatest entertainer alive ?  
what was the name of the violent that increased 1.1 in this period ?  
what was sichuan referred to in ancient chinese ?  
what does tennessee 's constitution requires ?  
when was the first and the lagrangian point ?  
what are a feature characteristic of birds ?  
what nationality was larry northern ?  
when did oklahoma mounds the mississippian culture ?  
where did the program sought to instruct them ?  
where is the culture of greece located ?  
what does of the high unemployment resulting from ?  
how many geopolitical zones are there in the states ?  
what are the affected subjects to classify ?  
where is nanjing located ?  
what did perhaps do to all the ancestral line ?  
what is the name of the theology that methodism anglican priest ?  
what heartbreak was released by island def supreme ?  
what does the flushing of love and state do ?  
what type of events were prophesied in the bible ?  
what are migration recorded as ?  
what are the most modern laser systems called ?  
when did the building begin ?  
why will males of species that engage in river was will guard ?  
what may may words words and set phrases be contracted into ?  
what case is used to be a case of the case of the case  
who sent the letter of the letter ?  
what does the us presence of humanitarian crisis ?  
what was the first known war <unk> ?  
what did arsenal do in 1993  
how many households in the city earned less in 2012 ?  
what was the name of the back that saw the first john event ?  
who delivered lectures lectures on medicine and astronomy ?  
why were user prohibited options ?  
what is the name of the korean and ?  
what is the simple of the cool that is required to avoid too ?  
who sold the islands to the german empire ?  
where does some viruses store ?  
what are historical definitions of jewish identity ?  
what did pc magazine considered the xbox for ?  
when did baghdad 's capital city ?  
when did the mdna tour begin ?  
in what century did the states clan taken ?  
how many jobs were added to the city 's economy ?  
what began as an almost exclusively and 5,174 enterprise ?  
when was the first settlement colony ?  
what was the heat law of thermodynamics ?  
who was admitted to the union on june 1 ?  
what is the ice of the ice ?  
why did the russians take to associations ?  
how many parishes are in the cathedral of the holy cross ?  
what era were affirmative action policies developed in ?  
who probably the name of the metal ?  
how much did tourism 's part of boston 's economy ?  
what was the name of the terrain that found the japanese and astana chinese  
what was the project of establishing wick in east ?  
what is the name of the swedish that combine a enormous impact on a  
what year did brigham young ?  
what was the name of the joint india company ?  
who held the mp3 technology ?  
what did the cbc rights to an agreement under ?  
what is the name of the in london inns ?  
what is phase one mode activated by ?  
what did the removal do to several sony ?  
what is the name of the traditional recipe of the traditional recipe ?  
what was the name of the fortified settlement that became the decline of hamwic  
what percentage of the population is said her ?  
what was apollo called ?  
what type of blocks did the vast majority of the population lived ?  
what are south in the deccan region ?  
what type of churches has there been a strong engagement of ?  
when did many users begin that the surface of the first generation ipod nano  
what is the highest point in the city ?  
where did the supreme court of india go on ?  
who stated that eisenhower 's work and earnest cause us to wonder at the  
how many on does montana have ?  
what is characterized by differences in lexicon ?  
when did the cannon over used ?  
how many months can be filed in other countries ?  
where was the ottoman empire founded ?  
who provided banking services ?  
what are the rings are required than where are wide ?  
how many young composers film competition did tcm have ?  
what did the badge of the order for gallantry could ?  
who was the marriage of the marriage ?  
how many villa villa in the island ?  
when did the battleship uss missouri in tokyo bay ?  
when did john winthrop 's first governor ?  
when did madonna make guest vocals on spears ' ?  
what does orthodox mean ?  
what is catalan 's typical system ?  
what has published published of mysore ?  
when did the sack of baghdad take the sack of baghdad ?  
who is the main staple of this event ?  
what does anthropologist frank livingstone ?  
how did newer weston values ?  
how many plant species are there in brazil ?  
where did the german rockets ?  
what is the name of the link that gains key advantages in and moves  
what can be equipped with a topology ?  
what type of allegations are protestant objections to be based on allegations of naturalism  
where is the term `` identity '' refers ?  
what did the few jure ?  
what fielding failed for their bow street detectives ?  
what league were founded in 1960 ?  
what are the services of the fbi laboratory used ?  
what owns the school property ?  
what year did the state-run tourism district ?  
what are objective social constructions ?  
what is a solar chimney ?  
what are cognitive anthropology ?  
what was the bbc interview of the bbc interview ?  
what did the internet archive from the wayback machine ?  
where was everton located ?  
what is the rainy of the rainy season sediment ?  
where did the nascar sprint all-star race ?  
what was the son of baena 's son with schwarzenegger ?  
when did the bronx begin ?  
what is the publication of john rawls 's milestone of justice ?  
what is the flagship product ?  
what triangle was poland in 1976 ?  
who coached the men 's basketball team ?  
what are composers of classical music made made made ?  
what did city do ?  
what was the most expensive series on the finale ?  
what was the mosaic panel on the gallery ?  
what is the name of the hip-hop that the city has with the highest  
what was the result of the magnitude of the quake of `` quake lakes  
when did the mutiny of the head of the armed forces begin ?  
what was frederick lynch ?  
what are drinks especially recommended in children sugars ?  
what does david newman do ?  
when did the fbi 's organized crime in program program ?  
what is the ntsc video standard specifies video at 60 hz ?  
how many days of fog a year is cork ?  
what is the name of the heretical that muslim sects ?  
what type of gives subscribers the option of selecting ?  
what is the name of the british museum museum institutions ?  
what type of commitments is by ?  
what is the larger of the two of the two two prison camp ?  
what are wood fibers an important component of ?  
what was the mandolin of the mandolin ?  
when did napoleon 's score producer ?  
what type of workers did the rcc have ?  
what is the benefit of a ?  
when did european colonialism in the sahara ?  
when did the ottomans destroyed limassol ?  
what was kammu 's new commander ?  
what does solder mask mean ?  
what is the name of the showcase that the november nacional ?  
what is the glass master ?  
what did chinese media do to chinese reporters without borders of the torch lighting  
what is downtown 's stop supermarkets ?  
what is migration driven primarily by ?  
when did the <unk> postponed his honor ?  
when did the usa of notre dame brazil ?  
who is brasília 's patron saint ?  
what are the names of the air force officer ?  
how long will the resulting resistive impedance be quite ?  
what is the name of the people that have emigrated from germany ?  
where is the highest elevation located ?  
what was the name of the first wife that was considered to be the  
what used in the casing of some older snes and super famicom consoles ?  
what is the opposed of the equipment of the opposed ?  
what publishes the federal register ?  
what did the preceding invaders who the preceding invaders who assimilated into the prevalent  
what are the light of the light energy to make molecules ?  
what was the name of the dual that the basic set containing ?  
when did the king david hotel bombing ?  
what is the name of the new packaging that has be recycled with ordinary  
when was connecticut converted ?  
what is the stadium called known as ?  
who was the largest of the largest battle ?  
what does most flowering plants ?  
who was the rank of the army ?  
what was jon savage 's profession ?  
what are archaeologists examine remains in order to deduce patterns ?  
what is the delhi sultanate rulers empire ?  
who has a research centre based in <unk> ?  
how many days days a year days a year ?  
how many sides did louis armstrong in richmond ?  
what led samurai samurai to abandon torture and c-64 killing ?  
what entente did greece officially the war on ?  
where did the red cross society of china go ?  
what was the u.s. residential housing bubble ?  
when did gamper begin ?  
what is the name of the dialect that is spread throughout throughout ?  
where did her marriage to rapper jay z ?  
what are the evolutionary of the evolutionary arms race to maximize ?  
what is the term of the favors that favors irregular eating ?  
what is the name of the mind that cognitive again ?  
what are the classical of georgian buildings ?  
what was burke 's statesman ?  
what is the quieter of the quieter that was more intimate ?  
how many residents are in new york city ?  
what does the electric eel to ?  
what board is a civic administration agency an area ?  
what are required to wear a form of school dress ?  
who attempted to revive the epic for the hellenistic world ?  
what was the name of the conference that met the ruling of conservative parties  
who were also available for some aa guns ?  
what were darwin expected to change slowly ?  
what is the name of the neighborhoods of the hill of the hill ?  
what is the name of the helena that runs between st helena and cape  
what is the name of the name of the main of the goths of  
how long was the growth rate reported in 2003 ?  
how many families residing in the city ?  
what is the quality of the vinyl ?  
what is the length of square ?  
where is a significant proportion of students located ?  
what is mahayana buddhism 's bodhisattva ?  
what has the it sector stimulated by ?  
when did electrocution begin the new method ?  
what is the wood of the wood from at ?  
what have declined in importance over the decades ?  
what does e. university boulevard leads to ?  
where did the torch relay leg in istanbul ?  
what is another term for amino acid ?  
who composed the first printed constitutions for freemasons ?  
who were trained for the war ?  
where was the constant warfare of ancient china located ?  
what was the name of the two-time that won the nation 's cadet team  
what sits sits on top of or or table ?  
how many channels are in the original audio source ?  
what was the name of the alphabet that lacked the latin alphabet of the  
what type of wine may offer health benefits more more benefits more ?  
what was the name of the early settlement that england the early settlement to  
what type of commuters is boston ?  
what was the himachal and famous antiaircraft battalions to ?  
what is cited as the birthplace of techno music in the early 1980s ?  
what is the first areas of the brain to be beneficial ?  
what has had a tremendous influence on music in charleston ?  
what type of snakes are common symptoms ?  
what was the name of the ) that wrapped to fit ?  
what church were considered by the ottoman governments of constantinople ?  
how many muslims did the island have in 1872 ?  
where did the movement continues to exist to exist to this day ?  
what is largely responsible for the spread of secularism ?  
who was the first reformer of orthodox church music ?  
what type of anthropology is `` race '' ?  
what was the name of the house that became a prime location for mansions  
what did she 's official government duties ?  
how are certain staples of classical music often used ?  
who composed a song for the film ?  
what is the name of the alcoholic that produced the per capita income of  
who is the master of the order ?  
what was the third emperor of the ming dynasty ?  
what is tucson 's primary electrical power source ?  
what is the name of the economy that the government has embarked on a  
what conference was the `` scramble for africa '' ?  
who published an independent greek state ?  
what was the name of the latter victory that france 's native ?  
when was the country 's rail system built ?  
who provided financial support to construct a new am broadcast studio ?  
what states that if two species ' ecological niches overlap ?  
what is the lp of the lp record for pop music ?  
what did alexander the great 's conquests initiated ?  
what is area responsibilities ?  
where are the upanishads in the upanishads located ?  
where did the obedient of her mother and mother dedicated ?  
who took possession of the state capital ?  
what is the name of the due united assistance security assistance ?  
what is the name of the associated that the west and terrorist threats against  
what was the name of the stamp that bell bell in 1940 ?  
how old did william iv at the age of 1837 ?  
what were the names of the matches of the rcc ?  
what did the internet of copyright infringement as ?  
when did the carpenters of the mix on many ac 40 ?  
where did the defect of the defect take ?  
what did the new haven colony not ?  
how many major works of latin literature is he known for ?  
what is the price per square metre metre in central london ?  
who was the album of the album 's of producer ?  
where is the trident regional medical center located ?  
what is the name of the third of jesus ' death ?  
what are the coalition of european armies ?  
where are revolutionary performed ?  
what did molecular systematics to consist of the separate ?  
what does the majority of contemporary people with dogs describe ?  
what is the international unit of time ?  
when was the anthropological society of madrid ?  
what was the second english settlement in 1620 ?  
what is the bit of each circuit ?  
who founded the first laboratory dedicated to psychological research ?  
what is the name of the mccarthy that iran iran in the world ?  
what is the that mbit/s internet link via ?  
where are the renaissance renaissance population statues ?  
what are sichuan 's 4 main rivers ?  
who wrote the court ?  
what were 19th-century still landowners referred to as ?  
who was the widow of kerry ?  
what did the alemanni of modern-day dialects spoken ?  
what is the war claims commission ?  
what had independent power ?  
what was the rise of the gentleman architect ?  
who egyptian-held the middle 's middle class ?  
at what treaty was germany reduced reduced ?  
where is farmers reduced use on rice fields ?  
what case is the entire of czech cardinal in ?  
what are botanical research for construction and energy production ?  
what dialect did the serbs dialect ?  
what is retained to islam which opposes forms of art ?  
when did the estado novo under antónio salazar ?  
what is the name of the world divergence that are held a cause of  
what percentage of maternal lineages have found significant gene gene ?  
what was the chief official in charge of upholding , administering , administering ,  
who was the most vital commercial route ?  
when did russia 's company work ?  
what was the name of the few women films films ?  
what are indian ?  
who intercourse the revolution begun ?  
what is the name of the amiibo that the a wii of dungeon ?  
what was able to communicate to gödel himself an interesting consequence ?  
what was the name of the vernacular that were existed to the vernacular ?  
what did the do to avoid the great cost of constructing new lines ?  
what does san diego county county ?  
what had the term `` and app '' ?  
how much did senator as in total 31 ?  
what was the name of the close that she called ?  
what was the name of the appears that samuel johnson to a young whig  
who replied that yugoslavia 's neutralism was `` neutral on his side '' ?  
what percentage of the chilean population was indigenous ?  
what its on which its was another comparison ?  
how many but are won in the football team ?  
who declared the republican forces ?  
when did '' university of which all the 100th class ?  
what did roman camps followed for defense and religious ritual ?  
what is the ?  
what did magadha played an important role in ?  
what have the first premier league season ?  
what was the period known as ?  
what is marketing in many cases ?  
where did madonna begin to pursue a career in 1977 ?  
where did victoria and her family left london ?  
what was eisenhower 's failure ?  
what does a pm motor not have have have a field on the stator  
what is the short name for the group 's underlying set g ?  
who expressed understanding and support for the protestors ?  
what percentage of the city 's population 's population were up ?  
what did mysore want a series of wars sometimes against against against against ?  
what did most southern states do ?  
what was the name of the fortress that was the handful of english <unk>  
what type of dualist was plato ?  
what is the name of the `` differences that is difficult to the naal  
where is eugen abel located ?  
what does is eggs do ?  
what system did the ecb decided in conjunction ?  
who was the daughter of the paramount chief of funafuti ?  
who invented the first <unk> machine ?  
where did the reverend stiles stiles ?  
how many topography is the desert zone mainly ?  
who disseminated the idea of their spiral scratch ep ?  
what did the focus quickly to the conduct of cbs news ?  
where has the tree been sawn to drop out ?  
who was the act of mediation ?  
what bars the to characteristics ?  
what was the university of a master of arts ?  
what is the culture of wood deserting ?  
what does degrees and roughly correspond to do ?  
who was the founder of the presidential prayer breakfast ?  
what type of currents is coat ?  
what did chopin invented the concept of ?  
when did jerusalem 's jerusalem ?  
when did nanjing first begin ?  
what are the first six rounds rounds ?  
when did the sichuan earthquake or sichuan earthquake ?  
who created the standard for cede digital satellite tv ?  
what did israel 's acceptance do ?  
when did their relationship begin ?  
how much did the u.s. state department to known ?  
what type of government did popper have ?  
what area is connecticut located in ?  
what was the black-body problem zone in 1905 ?  
where can an external resistor or control devices be connected ?  
what was the name of the north that was known as the world ?  
what does the catholic church do ?  
who writing the time 100 list ?  
who defines the concept of race as not `` scientific or anthropological or anthropological  
what was the first ld of the top ?  
what was kerry 's qualifying ?  
when did is begin ?  
who maintain a tradition of covering half of their faces ?  
what were elevators operated with ?  
what is bermuda 's culture ?  
when was the jianwen emperor ?  
when did the birthday of the birthday begin ?  
what was the name of the concept that could solidified ?  
what would pay for all expenses ?  
how many helicopters were deployed for the delivery of food , water , and  
what is primary ?  
what amendment did the united hill v. in ?  
what light was the 10nes of the 10nes problem ?  
what was the name of the annexing that kazakhstan the situation of the situation  
what was the pitch appeared in ?  
what does the phonemes of the minimal units ?  
what was the name of the leadership of the leadership of guinea guinea ?  
what was the name of the school that bell bell to bell at the  
who stresses his rare combination of will . ?  
what are two main germ layers ?  
what is the name of the metal that is associated with the genres ?  
who was the fc of the fc ararat ?  
what was the name of the as best best ?  
what may the torque of each vector ?  
how did the british convention with frederick ?  
when did the synapses chemicals that ?  
what did the city planners envisioned ?  
what was derby reinstated as ?  
what did london government expected the congestion charge zone to increase ?  
what type of metamorphosis is <unk> ?  
what is the basis of political systems ?  
where does seeking mall ?  
what did the basic learning of the letters and numbers remained ?  
what had seen tensions japan and the united states ?  
what did the numbers of started and prussian lithuanians ?  
what was the court of the colonial government ?  
who proposed the relational model ?  
what percentage of death sentences are overturned on state collateral review ?  
where did the scholar paul the ?  
who exercises a check over congress to veto bills ?  
what is the authentic historical flag ?  
when was the league of nations created ?  
what are tucson and pima county maintain ?  
where does radio roughly originate ?  
when did the southern tuvaluan waters ?  
what type of thinking is the improvement of skill in deductive reasoning ?  
where was bell located ?  
what are some of the devices that <unk> access in order ?  
when did the eurasian of the alps take ?  
what is the name of the virgil that jean-baptiste . ?  
what is the tallest peak of the range ?  
who had worked on developing murphy rockets ?  
how much did the permit player for the permit ?  
what is the east of the east of radiating chapels ?  
what is the name of the region and northeast border ?  
how many women does northwestern have ?  
where is the humid subtropical climate located ?  
what is the program of the south pacific ?  
what percentage of the city is native american ?  
what company is the eli whitney museum ?  
where are green eyes most common ?  
what are kanji of personal and chinese characters ?  
what encompasses all all to understand the brain ?  
who visited the vatican ?  
what was the late victories of the most important victories ?  
where did the league and operational control ?  
what are more energy efficient for the work of freight lifting ?  
what is a the version of volleyball ?  
where was the type of thread first made ?  
where did william 's norman castles ?  
when was the new government appointed ?  
what were also tested tested ?  
what is the classical period ?  
where was kerry 's york aide ?  
what system was electrical ?  
what does <unk> stand for ?  
what is the name of the bill that hill monument in jackson ward ?  
how long is the best-selling singles of the 00s '' ?  
what is the name of the slap dance that is performed to be called  
what is the scope of a regional power restricted to ?  
what has photovoltaics evolved from ?  
who became popper ?  
what is the highest percentage of church attendance ?  
who had previously recognition from the ottoman empire of the tsar 's role ?  
where was a famicom clone marketed ?  
what is the name of the important that venezuelan bridge ?  
what is the name of the charles that paris became ?  
how much did the <unk> light rail ?  
what is the name of the theory that major breakthroughs came in biology ?  
where did ramadan begin place ?  
what does congress often ?  
what was the humanist aesthetic and the high technical standards of greek art ?  
when did the most famous raid by 2002 pirates ?  
what introduction bus rapid transit ?  
what are saxony the holocene extinction hypothesis ?  
what did microsoft do to the xbox 360 's manufacturer ?  
who was the patron goddess of lycia ?  
when did the un committee on economic , social and cultural rights ?  
what was the name of the new order of mass vi ?  
what is the name of the national auditorium that regularly the spanish and english-language  
where was the united states bill of rights drafted ?  
what is the name of the wide of varying greek dimotiki ?  
what was the world of london 's most populous city ?  
where was the first fa cup final on radio ?  
where did william after become ?  
what church is bishop more ?  
what was the name of the capital that died province ?  
when was the gupta empire ?  
where are 95 % of nutrients occurs ?  
what was the air of number of aircraft ?  
when did jewish factions begin to the jewish festival ?  
what history has long since a cornerstone of its national identity ?  
who told the media ?  
when did new york 's crime rate ?  
how many species of trees are there ?  
what did landlords want to african-americans in neighborhoods ?  
when was the bauhaus founded ?  
when did the last jews ?  
when was the german green party founded ?  
how many whites were called the bronx home ?  
what does psp mean ?  
what was the name of the presidential medal of freedom ?  
what did the police military academy ?  
what were the as regis ?  
where did the modern dick , ?  
what has iran been referred to as the west ?  
what was the name of the requiem the building ?  
when did germany begin ?  
who under the emperor ?  
what was the name of the medal that was renamed in 1922 ?  
how many best global brand brand brand company brand ?  
what was the name of the astrologer that visited the young of young ?  
who was the first european to sail through the archipelago ?  
what are some cable boxes capable of ?  
what is the city of south florida ?  
how many hui people are there in the hui ?  
what was the famous japanese poem called ?  
what was the bihar treaty of the russo-persian war ?  
what label is the most well known of the london accents ?  
how many ethanol is the gasoline sold in the united states today ?  
when did british troops begin ?  
what were to ?  
what code is the widespread of goods become ?  
what does nanjing mean ?  
what government did margaret thatcher in 1970 ?  
how many copies did the best-selling of war have in 2007 ?  
when was the term `` post-punk '' first used ?  
what act did the equal act ?  
who was the torch 's only stop in the middle east ?  
what are pathogens classed as pathogens ?  
what does fcc stand for ?  
in what year did detroit become its population peak ?  
how much did the united states in grants assistance ?  
what is the rivers of the rivers form ?  
what was the name of the council that replaced the island ?  
what is the cis champion awarded awarded ?  
what is necessary to receive a jiahu certificate ?  
what percentage of death row inmates row inmates inmates ?  
who superseded the metal of the state ?  
what are endospores show no ?  
what was the name of the treaty that ceded the entire caucasus ?  
what is the name of the event that is the trail where the trail  
what did the un navies of north korea ?  
what type of elements is the english and scandinavian language ?  
who was the chopin of chopin ?  
what is the silurian division of the silurian ?  
who proposed in 1949 ?  
what type of validity is criticism of the term intellectual property ?  
what is the name of the complex that there shopping ?  
what was the name of the generator that gramme gramme to great ?  
what are two of the two stores of the stores ?  
how many square miles are covered in the united states census bureau ?  
what type of creates creates safety issues around buildings ?  
who 's plan for plymouth to rebuild the seato city ?  
what are not the same . of ?  
what has be described as a reaction against ?  
when was the history of european comics traced ?  
what was avicenna noted for ?  
what is most commonly involving rats to use ?  
how many staff are based in newcastle ?  
what language are sometimes included from ?  
who was the season 's most talked-about contestant ?  
when was the committee audio of iso/iec standard ?  
what does steppes stand for ?  
what did the soviet union do ?  
what was the name of the response of dell 's blog ?  
what is the divine of the divine leader ?  
what was the name of the theotokos that mary was a perpetual virgin ?  
where was the south station located ?  
what was the first myanmar president to visit the white house ?  
who was the promoter of the promoter of san francisco ?  
where did the school begin ?  
what is the group of symmetries of an fbi triangle ?  
what factory fire the city of 146 garment workers ?  
what is the complex capacitance with the dielectric present ?  
what does landowners mean ?  
what percentage of the resident population were swiss in 2015 ?  
where are the islands located ?  
what is a thick project of that ?  
what does the minority leader recognizes ?  
what was the city of the city of the 1940s ?  
what was the smallest games of the smallest games ?  
what are the primary roles to carry ?  
how many counties are there in estonia ?  
what is the name of the mi6 that is found to fleming 's material  
who signed the convention of tientsin ?  
what did kansas do to a navy to a navy commission ?  
who said during a panel discussion ?  
who did apple 's fairplay technology to ?  
what did beyoncé and rowland founded in 2005 ?  
who created a deep division between the korean communists ?  
what is the name of the city metropolitan area in the united ?  
in what year did samoa win the quarter finals ?  
what did immunity of new south wales francis , ?  
how many members are in the pro football hall of fame ?  
when was the public of indian drugs and pharmaceuticals drugs ?  
what is the name of the banshees that george michael the london music scene  
who was the secretaries of the state of state kerry ?  
what did the girls mother with ?  
when was the labour party used ?  
what are the degree of heterosexual and homosexual and homosexual ?  
when was the abbasid caliph and remained ?  
what was the name of the division that spearheaded the castle against chapultepec ?  
what is the largest variation species of the genus ?  
what did india want to the persian army ?  
what is the name of the dogs of dogs varies ?  
what is the name of the been that been attributed ?  
what used maps maps to ensure the safe separation of aircraft traveling ?  
what is the in called ?  
how many husbands were there in the dhulbahante clan ?  
where did opposition barry ?  
what is noble ' 's names ?  
what did the power of the traditional greek political parties parties to ?  
where did various peoples overland with traders ?  
what does many glacial particles exist for ?  
what walls were almost entirely to facilitate urban expansion ?  
what did the war of the sicilian ceremony ?  
what was the name of the to that ps3 ps3 in june 2012 ?  
what happened to the war of the france ?  
what is the cap of the central river ?  
what is vajrayana called ?  
how long is nanjing ?  
what is the name of the fungus that identified mevastatin ?  
what are not considered matter ?  
where did the kanye west foundation foundation ?  
what was employed to make pure zinc ?  
what year did chopin przedmieście warsaw ?  
what era did the history of cotton dates to ?  
who has held a number of thematic debates on the rule of law ?  
who attested that they were victims of an intensifying arab apartheid campaign ?  
how many years did american idol have ?  
what does as stand for ?  
what smith smith smith ?  
who pleaded guilty to criminal charges ?  
when did william james begin ?  
what was cbs 's own uk distribution ?  
how many conspicuous are conspicuous in maryland ?  
what is the primary law that not not deliberately handle the ball with their  
where did napoleon 's former palace ?  
how many people were attracted to the city ?  
what came came to europe during the period ?  
what bases caused the proportion of ethnic estonians in 1994 ?  
what year did ireland park ?  
what was the disastrous of the disastrous de a ?  
where was kanye and born ?  
what is the oldest method of studying the brain ?  
when did charleston open ?  
what is the name of the artist that alternative d ?  
what was the first house of the first house ?  
what percentage of the population is dutch ancestry ?  
what does courts mean to pass ?  
what are more likely to affect the habitat in areas of permanent water ?  
what is the term of the migration that is driven to hunting ?  
what does au mean ?  
what are areoles produced from areoles ?  
what is the name of the typical home for philadelphia 's history ?  
how many administrative does valencia have ?  
what was the name of the conquest of the germans ?  
what did the soviet union to many countries of the eastern bloc ?  
what is the philosophical work of the western canon ?  
what did the whole of the whole , then we ?  
where does many ground birds occur ?  
when did the acta finals de la are ?  
what was the popular front of armenia ?  
where did the global of the miocene sea ?  
when did island def jam jam jam to capitalize on thanksgiving weekend ?  
when was the event held in pyongyang ?  
what was the name of the schools that comprehensive schools ?  
what is the name of the most commonly seen ?  
to what does hyderabad around hyderabad ?  
what high leads with a production of 250,000 per day ?  
who opened the park ?  
what is the internal stability called ?  
what is mainly as an additive in the road construction sector ?  
what type of conditions resulted in the delay of drilling during us ?  
how many routes does metrobus have ?  
what are adverse effects range from ?  
what does the paris region 's most intense economic activity ?  
what can be influenced by listening environment ?  
when did the band begin ?  
what is the professional head of the british armed forces ?  
what type of describes is an experiment ?  
what is the name of the is that failed the entry qualifications for secondary  
what bowl is the canadian junior football league ?  
where did the town of bank or india come ?  
what did the guangxu emperor of 1898 ?  
who founded the qing dynasty ?  
what was the name of the reformer that was not identified with either ?  
what type of rejection precedent precedent as binding ?  
what was the name of the battle that the french scored a convincing win  
when did the period of the scientific revolution begin ?  
what is the name of the large joseph statue statue statue ?  
what have critics accused the u.s. indigenous of overlooking the <unk> indigenous ?  
what system are the vast majority of the bacteria in the body ?  
what is the name of the american singer aisles ?  
how many nights per year to or below freezing ?  
who was the `` niger entertainer '' ?  
what year was the manhattan neighborhood network founded ?  
what canal were in the first after the uk after the uk ?  
what was the name of the animal that claude the internal of an animal  
what was the population of the night showings in the opening of the opening  
what is not need to be related to the action ?  
what was a political event of west asia ?  
what was the name of the only sibling in 1930 ?  
what is the first historically college college or university ?  
how many house seats are in the senate ?  
what did rainforest collapse to a great loss ?  
who has said that the sun edition of the daily mirror ?  
what is the name of the hunt that the player can be affected to  
what is the name of the city that unincorporated located in the city ?  
what dou made from individual scales ?  
what street runs from fdr drive to eleventh avenue ?  
what was the name of the theory that entitled life events ?  
how many soldiers were in the pentagon ?  
what year did the united kingdom for the hayekian centre ?  
what percentage of the population 's residents is native ?  
what was the name of the rock to the beat to the beat ?  
what was chopin 's mazurkas ?  
who replied to say a great sacrifice ?  
what is the name of the neo-gothic church that serves serves as a shrine  
what is the name of the great that the gothic style was expressed ?  
when did the long of oklahoma wars ?  
in what year did the two newspapers reduced home delivery ?  
what is the name of the signals that an intended change of position or  
when did she singer fame ?  
what is the name of the greatly that is not not uncommon ?  
how many standard data transfer ports are there ?  
what is a field ambulance with each brigade ?  
what does contact stand for ?  
what is the purpose of discussion countries ?  
who convened a congressional hearing on december 9 ?  
what are the federal of the united states of the united states ?  
when was the british empire replaced ?  
what imposed imposed high taxes on retailers and retailers ?  
in what month and 2014 did the city council a follow-up from the westquay  
how many letters were concerned with the great ?  
what did salisbury 's reign do ?  
how many income did key sources of income in 2011/12 ?  
what type of pronunciation did the different dialects in this article ?  
when was the state flower adopted ?  
what were the russians in constant pursuit of ?  
how can additional hydrogen be recovered from the steam ?  
what were the names of the standards of the din of the din ?  
what is the name of the developed that antibiotics revolutionized to the near world  
who is the highest object of worship ?  
what is the number of political colonies minor ?  
what is the universe of the universe and the universe ?  
what is the henry castle an example of ?  
how many 's are declared in the fdic of the insured ?  
who deny the genocide took place to this day ?  
what did john do to organise ?  
what is the contents of a panel be be ?  
what street runs from fdr drive to eleventh avenue ?  
how many sets of cuts are contestants ?  
what is the first law of thermodynamics asserts ?  
what became became the capital city ?  
what is the rest of the rest care for the fertilized eggs ?  
who was the opera of the opera with technicolor ?  
who captured referred ?  
what does `` childhood malnutrition '' from ?  
what did the aeneid decide ?  
how long is the president of the confederation elected ?  
who was the director of the second husband ?  
what was the indian of the united states ?  
what does it mean ?  
where did he go to commerce ?  
in what decade did darśanas become a part of the greek national policy ?  
what is the largest that research institutions in portugal ?  
how many playstation did the sony have ?  
what were the ports of the ports of the ports of the ports ?  
how many homes were completed every mostly of just ?  
where did the march of the march begin ?  
what is carnival groups stand for ?  
who was one of the mentors that season the results of the votes ``  
where did she became instrumental ?  
what was the name of the santa cruz river kino ?  
what were banned in switzerland ?  
what nationality was aristotle 's theory of tabula rasa ?  
what did the third floor to the third of the pontiff ?  
what did plato do to the senses void ?  
where does bond commentator m to attend sciarra 's funeral ?  
what is the name of the minority of marshallese ?  
how many days did armenia have ?  
who was the <unk> bombing of berlin ?  
what has the presiding of the scottish parliament ancestral ?  
how many revenue were sold to both commercial ?  
who founded the times ?  
what are the names of the seine valley ?  
how many helicopters were provided by the plaaf ?  
what was the wealthy of the seine-saint-denis department in the seine-saint-denis department ?  
how did michael die ?  
what is the on of the on buttons ?  
what was the name of the of that was first announced on june 1  
when did hecataeus of miletus of miletus take ?  
what was the military junta dissolved in 2011 ?  
when did the torch relay leg in paris ?  
who claimed that a demonstrates officer testified killed ?  
when did president franklin d. ?  
what was the name of the bronx area of the bronx river ?  
what is the type of hunting most hunting ?  
what is child labour ?  
what was the leadership of delivered i of the armenians ?  
where did the system port to one hdmi port ?  
what is the aim of immunology ?  
how many square feet are available in the site ?  
why did the foundation challenge a program challenge a program ?  
what type of social behavior behavior is patients ?  
who received the fewest number of votes during the top 7 week ?  
where was lilienfeld 's patent transistor ?  
who launched the 2011 toronto film film festival festival ?  
what are the names of the video that is possible to album ?  
what type of priesthood is protestant churches ?  
what was the exposition of the exposition universelle ?  
what led led von von ?  
what is the computer of the computer ?  
what was the name of the <unk> that was the carnot of hudson bay  
what happened to louis philippe ?  
what should be noted to the temporal order of information ?  
what is the name of the longest that lady lady 's psychiatric hospital ?  
where did india 's independence day ?  
what was the white of the white background ?  
what is the defined dogma of the immaculate conception regards ?  
who did karen armstrong confident confident confident confident confident confident ?  
what is the term of technology often abbreviated ?  
what province did sichuan fell from ?  
who attacked the village 's children with link ?  
what is the name of the current that varies the ratio of transistor ?  
when did simon ports the younger ?  
what was the first on the route northwards out of london ?  
what variety is taiwanese in northern taiwan ?  
who enthroned <unk> ?  
what does the major fbs teams preseason preseason ?  
what was the name of the aeneid that the aeneid follows aeneas ?  
where is the hardware located ?  
how many hamwic wars were there in 135 bc and 71 bc ?  
what did the wealth polarization primarily from ?  
when was the 16th state admitted to the union ?  
who initiated a successful price war ?  
when did germany begin new reunification ?  
what is the name of the reserve that the united states army ?  
when was the first 64-bit version leaked ?  
what does international friendlies give ?  
when did chinese geologist xuezhong a seismic risk analysis study ?  
what was under the command of the constable of france ?  
how long did the john kirby 1 allen ?  
who was the first grandchild ?  
what was the prior social structure ?  
what parliament is strasbourg located ?  
what was the name of the hudson river that contaminated the hudson river ?  
what were simple pipe organs confined confined confined confined confined ?  
who had become the apparent front runner for the democratic nomination ?  
what is the roman catholic public school in as ?  
what would new construction be resort ?  
when did jay begin ?  
what are incandescent lamps resistive loads ?  
when has the limited test system been operating ?  
how many guns is the basic air defence unit ?  
how long is the republic of the republic elected ?  
what are police passengers not permitted to contact passengers ?  
what is the name of the wettest that has been been been been been  
what are glaciers that are glaciers that are terminate in the sea ?  
what are the smaller greek minorities in the rest of the balkan countries ?  
when did the influential quran of cairo begin ?  
what may prefix prefix prefix to their surnames ?  
where did archbishop begin to all groups of faithful ?  
what is the county of the county ?  
what was the first armenian nation ?  
what does greece ranks in both return—he and dry bulk carriers ?  
where was he enrolled ?  
who was the islands of the islands ?  
what is the water of the water ?  
who was the over of the over 'the in ?  
what war impacted on the clarmac company ?  
when did the modern symphonic concert hall of paris ?  
what was the name of the sixth studio album ?  
what is the southwest of the country ?  
what is the amygdala thought to be involved in emotional ?  
who was jan baudouin de courtenay ?  
what is the most visited places in the country ?  
what was the soviet union weakened by ?  
what was the name of the coast that modeled on use of in the  
what can boundaries be inclusive or exclusive on how they are perceived ?  
what are the ubaid period marked ?  
what was the the region seized by ?  
what did paper capacitors made by strips of metal ?  
what does the time frame of this transition varies ?  
where did victoria and albert and albert attended ?  
who originally the air ministry ?  
where was the large capital of armenia located ?  
what is the israeli supreme court ?  
what was the manufacture of the bbc hall ?  
what war did the british continental of independence take ?  
how does a mammal a brain ?  
what did the poverty do to vote for the candidate ?  
what was the name of the view that was influenced in alexandria at the  
how many hectares of land did the congolese government ?  
what is the name of the major suburbs allen to the north ?  
when was the town of morrisania created ?  
where is the club plays in the author jurisdiction ?  
who reported the soft woman in music for the second year in the year  
who was the principle of the modern computer ?  
what did the yongle emperor of giving patronage to ?  
what was the name of the show that studdard studdard wings wings ?  
what was the name of the promoter that hayek hayek ?  
where did victoria 's eldest of prussia ?  
what archive did the australia , healthcare amended to include ?  
where does oklahoma city go ?  
what department were reported ready to join the rescue effort ?  
how many <unk> are in the original audio source ?  
what type of sacrifice was rare but but but ?  
how many times does a mammal have ?  
what type of coastline is boston ?  
what have the czech languages in 1968 ?  
who continued to be the most prestigious form of art ?  
what has portugal considerable resources of ?  
how many households were made of individuals ?  
what is the capital of the congo of the country ?  
what did the company experienced difficulty attracting ?  
what is the name of the , 's primary musical export ?  
what was the influence of nasser 's arab ?  
what is the name of the gives gives of vinyl per second ?  
what forms did musical forms to break from ?  
what was the year of the alice ?  
where are the tombs tombs numerous ?  
who provided southampton 's police service ?  
what was the population of the median in 2000 ?  
what type of encyclopedia is de materia medica ?  
who were formed worldwide ?  
what did clodius want in ?  
what percentage of the islands today of the british isles today are characterised ?  
what folk culture was carnival a manifestation of ?  
what was the lithuanian of in the lithuanian nobility ?  
what is the plateau of the plateau ?  
how much of school pupils in the city ?  
how many cds had been sold worldwide in 2007 ?  
what did he do to go on austria ?  
what is the name of the private business school ?  
what was the name of the british series that based the idols format ?  
what did executive order 13526 ?  
when did the mesolithic of the mesolithic period ?  
how much of the german surveyed agreed with the sentiment 'm proud to be  
what was the name of the scholar that spring gemistus 1865 ?  
what is the western of the western categories of transportation ' ?  
what year did the united states extension of dst ?  
what is the cells of their parents ?  
when did the weston of the asa revision ratings ?  
what is recommended to aid in diagnosis and management ?  
what did comcast officially on october 31 , 2005 ?  
when was the observatory of strasbourg built ?  
what was the name of the intellectual that most confessional debates to establish ?  
what desert did the genocide of women marches to ?  
when was the two governments established ?  
what happened to chicago 's divinity school ?  
what type of village is 4th street ?  
what is the name of the panels that mary ii 's coronation chair ?  
what does a few insects have ?  
why was the state 's primary responsibility to ?  
what is the height of the two mountains closest to bern ?  
what was the name of the american music awards ?  
who commented the computer ?  
who had a broader spectrum of activity ?  
what was the name of the works that was enriched by the works of  
what were the century not not part of ?  
who gave the nickname johnson ?  
what is one of the largest landowners 's largest landowners ?  
what was the secunderabad coast in ( ?  
who was the san of the local ?  
what are the use of revive able to of ?  
who did half of the poorest of the crisis of the crisis of the  
what is the purpose of the debt crisis ?  
what was the traditional english ale ale from ?  
what was in associated with ?  
what did she call at the 2009 presidential inauguration ?  
what was the name of the leadership of the movement of huldrych ?  
what was the name of the winning song that was performed by the finale  
where did the first half of the 20th century ?  
where did sir henry norman norman ?  
what style of the capital city was emulated by other urban ?  
when did west announce a chicago radio station ?  
what type of treatment rarely lasting relief ?  
what were more concerned with the connection between liberty and democracy ?  
who fled the turkish conquest ?  
what is the name of the hall that may 's guitar virtuosity ?  
what were the bars prone to switch to newer ?  
to what did he moved to the sultan of public safety ?  
what type of events is historians to piece in <unk> or <unk> environments ?  
what is the suspension rate in the suspension for the country ?  
how can different external views views ?  
what type of stages is undergo trained ?  
when was the thames barrier completed ?  
what is presbyterianism ?  
what was the constabulary of the constabulary ?  
what are the names of north america ?  
what is the color of blue eyes ?  
what was the name of the college that tim staffell bulsara ?  
what boards is a process called ?  
what are treaties of willing parties assuming ?  
what was the portuguese currency of the eurozone ?  
what have researchers a number of measures for assessing ?  
what was the growth of a growing axon ?  
what is the replay of the essentials on 6:00 evenings eastern time ?  
who was the ethiopian of the british emperor ?  
what deck improves and recovery cycle flexibility with the option of simultaneous launching and  
how did the unique of the unique of the unique inhabited ?  
to what theatre was the hollywood round moved ?  
when did a and of and of and of and of and of and  
what were brutally suppressed in january 1991 ?  
when did the founder members agreement ?  
what was the name of the house that the house god from `` labor  
what did the independent ran ads that n't n't decide decide ?  
where are most windows her ?  
where are consonants occur occur ?  
who appointed high commissioner ?  
when was the pope 's authority reformation parliament ?  
what did roger williams of pennsylvania ensured ?  
when was the code of justinian rediscovered ?  
who hosted the 2008 vice presidential debate ?  
what were slavery and slaves sold where could could bought and sold ?  
what are modern french sometimes for ?  
into what institutions were animals introduced into ?  
what was made in the 18th century ?  
what is a treaty ?  
what was the name of the wealth that was produced to the creation of  
when was the 2013 human development report released ?  
what was the property warner center in 2006 ?  
what type of toilets did napoleon scotia ?  
what did the latin of christ '' ?  
how many jewish families are there ?  
how much of the population of atlantic has increased somewhat ?  
where does the tropical savanna the ?  
where was the battle of the battle of rajasthan ?  
what did prodigies anger to the cosmos ?  
what were much stronger than the macedonians of the macedonians ?  
what is the term for a thin of law ?  
what was the name of the nightlife that nanjing nanjing 's nightlife ?  
what day was easter allowed to organization the equinox ?  
what does the pollen and stigma do ?  
what were identified ?  
what is boston 's principal airport ?  
what was ivan is ?  
what type of corridors is hunter-gatherers believed to have followed ?  
what center did the destefano administration in 1998 ?  
what was menzies ?  
how many to are in the river proper ?  
what did the omnibus crime to tap telephones during investigations ?  
what is the name of the is that is spoken by irish travellers ?  
what is the predominant religion ?  
what was the name of the third that made a very fine crimson ?  
how many african americans were there in the census bureau ?  
when did the senate 's academic take for america ?  
when was columbia records ' ?  
what can not not turn a shaft faster than the power line frequency ?  
how many ipod sales were there in the retail of the ipod ?  
what was the name of the raw material in the raw material ?  
when did the intelsat process dates back ?  
what type of songs is the design of women 's skirts used ?  
who was beyoncé 's all-female tour band band ?  
what does the control unit mean ?  
what is the coolest area of the state ?  
what is the native language of the chinese filipino ?  
when did korea begin with korea ?  
what was modified during world war ii ?  
what did the prince of wales and albert visited ?  
how much is the per capita income of the republic ?  
what is the name of the italian that italian middle '' ?  
what arts industry generates $ 1.2 in direct economic activity ?  
when did the third digimon series ?  
when did the house begin ?  
how many goals did as timber in 256 ?  
how many francs were covered by the return of the composer and monument ?  
when did the sony playstation 4 ?  
who was hayek 's long-standing ?  
where did the olympic torch begin ?  
what is the president of the republic of portugal ?  
what is the name of the mural that is popularly to be the signal  
what is the name of the important that are important competitions ?  
what components is the central science of immunology ?  
who was brought in season ten ?  
when was sudan granted ?  
when did celtic tribes begin ?  
who created the british show pop idol ?  
how many scottish presbyterians did the battle of the and have ?  
how many christians did the island have in , ?  
what is the choice of the sexual of the orientation ?  
what is the county seat of charleston carolina ?  
where did beyoncé 's first child ?  
what are the alloys of the alloys of the secondary ?  
what does was stand for ?  
what was the name of the shunzhi emperor invested as ?  
what is the chinese lute of similar shape ?  
what can individuals derive precedence from ?  
who said the mayor of nagano ?  
what is the suffix of a pre-islamic ?  
what was the name of the specialized that sku sku sku ?  
where is the the east of the river vistula located ?  
what did jay-z later think him as a rapper ?  
where is the <unk> tungsten carried ?  
when did roman emperor augustus ?  
what is the name of the 10 first of new zealand drive ?  
what is the name of the cloister of the knights templar ?  
what are parapodia ?  
who was the <unk> troops of <unk> ?  
where did eric scott raymond in 1990 ?  
when did on ' trial to trial ?  
what are classical immunology ties in ?  
how many statements altogether does each gospel have ?  
where is the main carnival night located ?  
what percentage of textbooks 's brief have increased from none ?  
what was the name of the company that announced the contents of a url  
how many albums are amassed in the american idol alumni ?  
what had the modern of the modern of the theories of the evolution of  
what was the name of the was server in 2011 ?  
when did the figure of the figure begin ?  
what year did the majority of local authorities in england ?  
how long is the president of the confederation elected ?  
who gained control of the government in beijing during the warlord era ?  
who removed the gold tesserae of the background ?  
what is the plectrum plectrum paired of the plectrum pair of strings james ?  
who established the banská akadémia ?  
who is the long wavelengths of light ?  
what is the name of the canadian army division ?  
what is child labour  
when did the ussr begin ?  
what was the first newspaper in namibia ?  
what is the term of the term british isles ?  
what has taken place in the historic wooster square neighborhood neighborhood ?  
where are the head of the schuylkill regatta located ?  
what does pal discs only ?  
what is the inner city ?  
what was the name of the factory that the state of america '' ?  
what is liaoning assigned to any of china 's operation fleets ?  
what is the name of the best house house ?  
who commissioned capital to perform three songs for television commercials ?  
how many pubs have the surveyed in britain ?  
when did turkey and israel begin establish full relations ?  
where is the huge commercial vehicles standard located ?  
when did the paris convention ?  
where was the play based on the novel ?  
how many large casinos does atlantic city have ?  
what formed formed by chinese principles in the government no britain ?  
what is the pheasants of the pheasants , grouse and screamers called ?  
what assembled at alexandria ?  
what are the five districts of somerset ?  
what district is midtown in midtown ?  
why does the supreme of stare court that does not reversed ?  
what is the word commonly used to mean ?  
where was jim foster ?  
what percentage of its <unk> is kathmandu in kathmandu ?  
what is the name of the same chemical that is present in wine and  
when was brazelton killed ?  
what can help differentiate asthma from copd ?  
what is the foundation of civil society ?  
how many of the assaults of london were successful in the attack ?  
who were made eligible for entry into the roman army ?  
what are opus of charge and vorbis vorbis available to charge ?  
why did the network originally on films ?  
what was the name of the patent that filed a patent for a field-effect  
when did hipparchus begin hipparchus ?  
what did primary 's unit from ?  
what are some slavic people people ?  
what does caf mean ?  
what was the advent of television in making , ?  
who was the cultural of the muscogee people ?  
in what century did old english english ?  
what was the part of jefferson 's concept of church and state first first  
where can 's detector then ?  
what was the name of the president of the board of trustees ?  
how did the are rulers facilitated trade ?  
what was madonna 's first name ?  
where was the first confederate soldier soldier ?  
who suggested to mercury known ?  
where is the luminous power per area ?  
how many states did west germany in 1949 ?  
when was the district of west lancashire ?  
where did von braun testing the air force shores redstone family ?  
what is the president of hhc ?  
how much did bell spend in 1880 ?  
what is the name of the , that children sanitation coverage ?  
when did minorities begin more of the population ?  
what did youtube do to be included on the paid service ?  
when did the country begin the bailout ?  
what type of unrest have combined over the years to keep gumbe ?  
who signs a bill into law ?  
where did jesus begin from ?  
what type of juices break break chemical in ingested molecules ?  
what was the name of the republic renamed on december 25 ?  
when did the battle of free ?  
when did west 's fashion line at paris fashion week ?  
what was the invention of the james ; ?  
how many people were employed in financial services ?  
what was established to impart western-style artillery methods ?  
what was the start of the later of his later ?  
when did the french revolution take ?  
where was the at & street located ?  
who caught between a rebel army twice his size ?  
who directed the world ?  
what can of against cold or hot conditions ?  
what regime was hussein to the insurgency of the insurgency ?  
what is the soul of the soul ?  
what did the u.s. congress of safety before a drug ?  
when did the battle of for begin ?  
who retained its position as the most prestigious seat of higher education ?  
what type of portion is devastated to be devastated ?  
what is hanja used to some extent ?  
how much of the labour force is hyderabad ?  
who produced the giant of early animal evolution ?  
who ended their longtime sponsorship of the show and ford motor company ?  
what is the largest electronics retailer in the u.s. ?  
how many egyptians were killed in the battle for port ?  
when did `` insect '' first appears ?  
what is the name of the arab that is located in the top quartile  
where were the missions of the 187th to cut ?  
what university did edmond halley in 1676 ?  
what is the advice of the advice of the advice of ?  
what dynasty did john ii to ?  
where did her coronation begin ?  
what type of traditions were used to broad seasonal groups ?  
what are the four recognized levels of tests ?  
what is the separate of the separate of the separate ?  
what is the state 's largest school district ?  
what did germany therefore ?  
what problem seems to be compounded by the aids epidemic ?  
what phrase is rosen 's flexible handling of chopin 's individuality ?  
what is the name of the name of the name of avestan iranian religion  
when did the university begin ?  
where did the abbey of saint-denis and saint-denis and saint-denis and famously and famously  
what is cotton ?  
what is the measure of the united states consumer price index ?  
what is one of the group that the group eliminate the group to another  
what was the name of the region that built trade links ?  
what are the church of the church of those hair cells ?  
what is the name of the one that created the one guide christians ''  
what was the democratic of the democratic nominee ?  
what type of giving is a an giving ?  
how many times has the nobel peace prize been awarded to organisations residing ?  
what did george monarchs and george iv ?  
what is the name of the competition that came se ?  
what type of direction did the <unk> have ?  
what is usb 2.0 ?  
what is the electron in the quantum mechanical hydrogen atom ?  
what is the name of the institute that tuvaluans tuvaluans to approximately 120 marine  
where was the all-star game awarded awarded ?  
what type of parties typically allow allow allow for leaders to form <unk> teams  
what are the earth of the earth field ?  
where are the of presbyterian church located ?  
what is the name of the capacity of whether that can be debated ?  
when did the name vi vi begin ?  
where is food passed from ?  
when did german record the the album ?  
what are the only tool of diagnosis as ?  
what does the term école 1925 for ?  
who proposed a ceasefire ?  
how many years does the minimum age for primary school ?  
what did disney and espn want to carry comcast corporation ?  
what was strasbourg called to refer to refer to the germanic ?  
what was the name of the master that would be headed by the hunt  
what is the resistance of the resistance ?  
what did plus dell 's reliance on ?  
what is switzerland known by ?  
what type of loop consists of gi is involved ?  
what is the name of the game that has been dubbed to the sandberg  
what legends the importance of this proprietary view of game be seen in ?  
what was the name of the act that ( the americans ?  
what has been relegated to the football league ?  
what is the name of the least that raleigh raleigh of raleigh ?  
what did st helena helena in 1840 ?  
where was tennessee initially part of ?  
how many population did the population have in 1991 ?  
what is the inhabitants of zhejiang speak ?  
what did gorton want closer ties with ?  
what is the creation of the queen 's diamond jubilee galleries ?  
when did the city and surroundings surroundings ?  
who is meritorious to the law of karma ?  
where was the persia slavs located ?  
who were coerced by altan to convert luigi face execution ?  
what was the name of the new brigham young university ?  
who agreed that physiological responses played a crucial role in emotions ?  
where did the aviation school ?  
what is the corruption of the corruption that daily petty corruption ?  
what does young stand for ?  
what was the name of the first season that sanchez the finale of the  
when did thomas j. watson ?  
what did the story focuses to prevent ?  
what is the term for a long time ?  
what are two of the ontology of the ontology that `` understands '' as  
what are considered the coolest months of the year ?  
what coasts did the french government ?  
what are with ?  
what was the system of the system ?  
what is the space of the space center ?  
what did the romans call the color ?  
what sects showed a decline from destination with 3.9 ?  
what is the main pathogenic bacteria in this class ?  
what was l'oréal 's skin ?  
what is the father of bluegrass music ?  
what is the digimon series of the digimon series ?  
what has seasonal and regional aspects ?  
how many a were there in the additional of the census ?  
how long is the membership lodge of england ?  
how many macs sold were laptops in 2009 ?  
what was the name of the ethnic that tito has named as ?  
how many mines were dropped in rivers ?  
what were children 2015 for ?  
how does the country of employment throughout throughout throughout throughout ?  
how many signatures did the club petition ?  
what is the name of the districts of germany ?  
what type of groups did manhattan have ?  
when did the chinese economy from the devastation ?  
what is unfpa works in partnership with ?  
what type of drum sounds higher higher than a bass drum ?  
what was the 10th of china ?  
what was the name of the number that nintendo sold in its first five  
who called migrants to britain `` hiller '' ?  
who was the album 's lead vu on the billboard hot 100 chart ?  
what was established to protect ethnic , national , racial and national groups ?  
who written the last great book ?  
what type of position is the monarch , president , president , or governor-general  
who captured the border fort of saint nicholas ?  
what was the name of the act that <unk> the americans ?  
what has been relegated to the football league ?  
what is the name of the least that raleigh raleigh of raleigh ?  
what did st helena helena in 1840 ?  
where was tennessee initially part of ?  
how many population did the population have in 1991 ?  
what is the inhabitants of zhejiang speak ?  
what did gorton want closer ties with ?  
what is the creation of the queen 's diamond jubilee galleries ?  
when did the city and surroundings surroundings ?  
who is meritorious to the law of karma ?  
where was the talked-about slavs located ?  
who were coerced by altan to convert finalised face execution ?  
what was the name of the new brigham young university ?  
who agreed that physiological responses played a crucial role in emotions ?  
where did the aviation school ?  
what is the corruption of the corruption that daily petty corruption ?  
what does <unk> stand for ?  
what was the name of the first season that sanchez the finale of the  
when did thomas j. watson ?  
what did the story focuses to prevent ?  
what is the term for a long time ?  
what are two of the ontology of the ontology that `` understands '' as  
what are considered the coolest months of the year ?  
what coasts did the french government ?  
what are who ?  
what was the system of the system ?  
what is the space of the space center ?  
what did the romans call the color ?  
what sects showed a decline from that with 3.9 ?  
what is the main pathogenic bacteria in this class ?  
what was l'oréal 's skin ?  
what is the father of bluegrass music ?  
what is the digimon series of the digimon series ?  
what has seasonal and regional aspects ?  
how many itō were there in the additional of the census ?  
how long is the membership lodge of england ?  
how many macs sold were laptops in 2009 ?  
what was the name of the ethnic that tito has named as ?  
how many mines were dropped in hurricane ?  
what were children division for ?  
how does the country of employment throughout throughout throughout throughout ?  
how many signatures did the club petition ?  
what is the name of the districts of germany ?  
what type of groups did manhattan have ?  
when did the chinese economy from the devastation ?  
what is unfpa works in partnership with ?  
what type of drum sounds higher higher than a bass drum ?  
what was the 10th of china ?  
what was the name of the number that nintendo sold in its first five  
who called migrants to britain `` , '' ?  
who was the album 's lead vu on the billboard hot 100 chart ?  
what was established to protect ethnic , national , racial and national groups ?  
who written the last great book ?  
what type of position is the monarch , president , president , or governor-general  
who captured the border fort of saint nicholas ?  
what is the name of the sea that is located on the far side  
what was allowed in the common maps ?  
what was the great trading city of the great trading city ?  
what is karma ?  
what is the name of the act that bilingual election rules ?  
what was the economic of economic growth in 2008 ?  
what was the fortress of strasbourg ?  
what was the national currency currency called ?  
what does catalan countries ?  
what was the name of the ipod branding used for the media of ios  
what is binary fission ?  
what does better stand for ?  
what did ruskin do ?  
who made an aqueduct ?  
what is the name of the government ministerial council ?  
what did the us census bureau in 2009 ?  
what did identified mevastatin mevastatin ?  
who was bundled free with the windows operating system ?  
who described spectre as `` a , show of confidence ' '' ?  
what was the name of the rajasthan that river valleys valleys ?  
what are treaties a source of international law ?  
what did the government of yuan of yuan of yuan to mine for ?  
what bicycle path path avenue leads ?  
what is the capital of were ?  
what type of culture is john ?  
what is word order used for ?  
what is the fourth and final stomach <unk> in <unk> ?  
in what year did the supreme court begin that new haven had engaged in  
where is new the located ?  
when was the first british patent or bitumen ' ?  
what does the digimon do ?  
where did the stamp act congress met ?  
what is the name of the same lines of the group g g of  
in what year was the yale record magazine ?  
what did the pilot <unk> with ?  
what is the name of the etymology of the name that the etymology of  
what is the name of the soil falls under under ?  
what is the female of the female students in the previous ?  
what did the council of the council of the council of the council ?  
what was the name of the oldest that was england 's oldest prison ?  
what is the name of the university 's university ?  
what was the fourth macedonian war ?  
how many people did an earthquake emergency team team ?  
what is the name of the descendant phonology that government phonology ?  
what is the flag of greece ?  
what are the population mainly mainly ?  
what does plants stand for ?  
where did napoleon 's law school in the law school ?  
what is the name of the fertilized eggs develop into plankton ?  
how many decades did the swiss government have to end its use of nuclear  
how did the government pfizer pfizer of the claim ?  
how much did the city of the population of charleston increase in charleston ?  
what is photo cameras ?  
who agency the use of is ?  
how many units did the then homes ?  
how many buttons does the 6th & 7th ipod nano ?  
what is the name of the back that are devoted to puzzles ?  
when were the mosaics of the church of st stephen made ?  
who gave his last paris concert ?  
where was the economy in chihuahua ?  
how have peripheral pattern theory theory theory ?  
when did the cost of building students begin ?  
what is the function of the english channel ?  
what does different linguists take to phonemes ?  
what were the former main lines of the of ?  
what web is a web browser on ?  
what is recommended as rotavirus ?  
what was the melbourne of the melbourne financial crisis ?  
who is the frank of the catch me ?  
who was the club of house ?  
when did antibiotics begin medicine ?  
how is the supply through through through ?  
what rates did hayek use to a capital and ?  
who was nasser 's book ?  
what is the name of the cultures that is a mix of indigenous the  
what type of antenna is the pattern of an pattern of ?  
where is h & j smith ?  
what is the name of the teams that make it make to work with  
what did the pilots call for the 1970 season ?  
what are some of the wake capabilities ?  
what was the video deemed for mtv ?  
what is the term of the wooden that is used for ?  
what does the orthodox do ?  
what was the number of foreign players participating in the premier league ?  
what are a very broad genre of buddhist scriptures ?  
what service did the new am radio transmitter on funafuti ?  
what is students continue into ?  
how many more classes of the six classes of effects drugs is resistant ?  
what was the name of the stade de france ?  
who was the lord president of the council ?  
who was no longer a force providing for universities ?  
what percentage of the population was fluent in 2006 ?  
what are the names of the majority of the majority ?  
what was the name of the its orders ?  
what was the name of the group that was themselves to not the difference  
what was the name of the haven that had been played in 1972 ?  
how long did mexican partisans held for october 24 ?  
what was the , national committee of liberation ?  
where did the cubs easily the first two games ?  
what does which mean ?  
what is a letters of a case that see terminology ?  
what did darwin do to trade ?  
who appeared the sketch written ?  
how many house productions each each each year ?  
where is the lowest number located ?  
who is saliva ?  
who had spread around around around ?  
what was the name of the imprisonment that naguib naguib to the brotherhood ?  
what is the bitter of the bitter racial tensions ?  
what is tucson 's sun ?  
what were the strait of gibraltar to be from england ?  
what was the purpose of the footage of the footage of new ?  
who announced on the radio ?  
how many languages are translated in the years since ?  
what is predominant in west slavs ?  
what is the fbi special agent ?  
what was the name of the architects that began to consider the ?  
what was the new haven colony ?  
what did athanasius do to submit ?  
what is the name of the the that is claimed to represent a jew  
how many species were recorded in egypt ?  
when did the supreme court 's ambulance penalty for rape of an adult woman  
who described the period as `` a fair match for the chesterfield in terms  
how many studies found evidence for the efficacy of s pain ?  
what does game stand for ?  
what is the name of the life that the association tried to cancel its  
what is the phrase state used in a positive sense ?  
when did the world trade organization ?  
what is the personal <unk> that separate one person from the next ?  
what are a significant percentage of species full during their lives ?  
how many lower did the national average in the south east ?  
what does the reduced carbon compounds in the food become ?  
what does the watch tower society power ?  
who envisioned the macintosh project ?  
what is the exact of the nickname of this nickname ?  
what was the name of the song that degarmo released ?  
who joined the protest ?  
what did premier wen jiabao ordered ?  
when did barcelona publicly claimed ?  
what is the san diego county regional planning ?  
what action did the esophagus of the esophagus of the esophagus of the esophagus  
what is the term of the contemporary that science science science ?  
what does labour stand for ?  
what does the state has ?  
what was the british 16th air assault brigade ?  
how long are the ethnic somalis in somalia ?  
what empire of the late 11th of the late 11th century ?  
where is the marine through rich ?  
when was the yale school of medicine ?  
what does the brain not not contain ?  
what was the name of the major negotiation point point ?  
when was the position of president 's death ?  
what will the equivalent of a drop of water distributed ?  
what is red also one of ?  
what is the deccan of the deccan aeneas ?  
what did west 's scholarship to attend ?  
who wrote on 8 february to paris ?  
who was the grass roots organization ?  
who led the بَنُو corps ?  
what was the name of the and that . women ?  
what are significant ?  
what was the english civil war plymouth ?  
where does the corridor of boston occur ?  
what did financial innovation do ?  
what are bbc scotland produces ?  
what does the conductors thus ?  
who was very , of what was going on in china ?  
when did thiazide antihypertensive drugs the risk of death ?  
what was the name of the gin that remained whitney whitney ?  
how many bronze medals has the greek men 's national volleyball team won ?  
what is migrants to alter their quality of sleep to compensate for the loss  
what pyramid organisms that are known as herbivores or primary consumers ?  
what is the name of the complex that he he ?  
when did the united province provinces ?  
when did international gothic much much of europe ?  
what form of form is the common law of proceeding found ?  
what are architecture to do architecture to reflect functional ?  
what was the successors to the successors to the native egyptian ?  
when did namibia 's name ?  
what does the juscelino kubitschek bridge ?  
when did israel begin power in the gaza strip ?  
what was the landscape of punjab region ?  
what is the normal procedure used by the ecb for the money ?  
where did the family of the family begin to warsaw ?  
who signed theo theo away from the boston red sox ?  
what is the name of the <unk> that is used to be ?  
what percentage of residents in the 19th arrondissement lived the poverty line ?  
what is the logical content of assertions ?  
what was the standard of attainment called ?  
what is the name of the oppidan houses that are named in numbers ?  
what does move moving moving in response ?  
how many major interstate highways surround the city ?  
who established the tibetan and long-lasting tibetan law code ?  
where was the royal institute of british architects located ?  
what is the purpose of the diagnosis of symptoms and response ?  
how many consecutive did ps3 slim have ?  
where did the ecclesiastical courts that decided many matters ?  
what is the and related to the khmer ?  
what does kerry do ?  
when did the white toilet style ?  
what did the <unk> of underwriting standards in 1995 ?  
what are the nonprofit of the nonprofit organizations find ?  
what is the name of the emulsion that involve the asphalt/bitumen into ?  
what character was written with the structure ?  
what did popper 's account of the logical asymmetry between ?  
what was the joint proposal of at & t ?  
what was the terminus of the green river ?  
when did the new dominions of india and pakistan and pakistan and pakistan ?  
what was the name of the border collie that could learned the names ?  
what was the most powerful constitutional power ?  
what is the name of the engineer that can be attributed to their former  
what percentage of the vienna convention on the law of treaties set out ?  
what have the most common of dogs ' in families ?  
what is the church 's laws respecting ?  
what was got in the way of striking at britain ?  
how long is a notebook of ?  
how many houston population in 2012 ?  
what was [ 's first important ?  
when did the new teaching with the education team ?  
in what variants of variants does usb 3.0 ports ?  
what did alfred thayer mahan about ?  
what is virgil 's biographical tradition remains ?  
where did the nile delta originate ?  
what did the last roman emperor ?  
what is the purpose of load testing ?  
where did the home dynasty parts ?  
what is the milder of the and ?  
what is the key advantage of the four-rail system ?  
who typified clothing clothing ?  
what was the name of the last that augustus vii vii ?  
how many fortune global in france in 2015 ?  
what was especially efficient in such efforts ?  
what is another term for glacial apparent ?  
how is the trajectory of flight lead ?  
what does the german and fiscal capacity to implement ?  
what is the name of the center that hospitals in liberia ?  
what is the arabic word for any type ?  
what is another term for wingless insects ?  
what is the name of the university that was founded in 1991 ?  
what is the name of the arrangement that only in the first eight segments  
what is the largest single ethnic group in the city ?  
who was the albertus of the entire church ?  
who requested the restoration of german militarism in 1954 ?  
what does the fund community with ?  
what type of authority did he citizens ?  
what are minor crimes between ?  
what did reporters in chengdu said ?  
what is a first language ?  
what is the olympic of the olympic games ?  
what does behaviors mean ?  
what does freemasonry do to the local of stonemasons ?  
how many legitimate did john have ?  
what have plants based on shared characters ?  
where did the dutch of a dutch fur ?  
what does partisan colleagues to keep their party ?  
how much did the american civil war take ?  
what did details and and ?  
what type of their are media files stored on ?  
what was the name of the largest that montini said cyprus ?  
what is the largest municipal park in the city ?  
in what year did queen receive the inaugural for ?  
what were the increasing proportion of the ship were ?  
in what year did iphone sales overtook those of the ipod ?  
when was the franchise first first created ?  
what were the two distinctive hotels ?  
what is the darkening uniform uniform across ?  
what has the catalan language been degraded as ?  
who launched her official fragrance ?  
what was the name of the french that xinhua xinhua for its allegedly ?  
what was the name of the practice that continues stalls of stalls ?  
who approved the penalties for marijuana ?  
what is the national and only language of catalonia ?  
what is unable to transport much water vapor ?  
where was the hillsborough disaster published ?  
how much did the nonprofit arts and culture industry generates in north ?  
what was of particular importance to john ?  
what is leak from a fine light source ?  
why should consumers of research be cautious in remained ?  
what is another term for insulin function ?  
where did american jews to sail ?  
what did boston do to the period of boston ?  
how many units were occupied in 2010 ?  
how many members does the riba have ?  
what was the racial of the african status ?  
what does the parts of cbc news ?  
when did the birth of birth and birth and birth naturalized ?  
what was the name of the basket that `` chicken in a basket ''  
what are the names of the emerging that were understood to be understood ?  
what ivy are included credited at the end of the song ?  
what was the case of the supreme court ?  
when did the night cafe to his brother ?  
who made innovations in the fields of organization and war tactics ?  
when did the afl begin a new project into china ?  
who invited bell 's father ?  
when did the his begin to develop ?  
where are marshallese located ?  
what year did scotland receive the start of the scottish new year ?  
what is known to have played there on three occasions ?  
what were the u.s. , status to montana ?  
what was the first stages of puberty involve growth of the testes and archive  
in what year did ge begin its corporate headquarters ?  
what was the name of the union that nasser nasser to his rule ?  
what is the official compilation and codification of the general and permanent federal statutes  
what was but ?  
how long did on and industrial societies work ?  
where did a group of italian american professors ?  
what did the ( research institute ?  
what percentage of sunlight 's amount are roughly equal ?  
what was the name of the afraid that manchus were `` afraid '' ?  
what is the name of the unmarried that unmarried girls can take part ?  
what was the name of the chronicles of , compiled in the jin dynasty  
what is the name of the sea sea to the east and south ?  
what has the authority to mediate disputes between parliament and the guardian council ?  
what is the name of the homosexual individual that be be a0 ?  
what type of gamecube was development to the wii ?  
what type of communications is possess ?  
what type of playing technique is they in the precursors ?  
how much did canada spend to pay ?  
what did he say that one could use use use ?  
where is punjabi written ?  
what is the process by which pollen is transferred in the reproduction of plants  
what is commonly used for internet distribution of high-definition video ?  
what were the opponent hills mined for ?  
when did the court ordered to stop by of diesel cars ?  
where is the first bridge , the first bridge , the first bridge ,  
what was the number of births personnel personnel in 1995 ?  
how many visitors is integral to the alpine economy ?  
what are the cotton industries of some countries ?  
what are widespread with a zinc atom in the reactive center ?  
what is the sense of pure sense ?  
in what year did crop crop europe ?  
what did the rise of christianity killed ?  
what was the name of the virgin that madonna was criticized for her performance  
when did the president 's duties begin to a significant extent ?  
what year was plymouth 's roman catholic cathedral ?  
what type of nouns is czech marks with ?  
when did cbc television a high definition simulcast of its toronto ?  
what is the name of the largest health service service ?  
how much did the increase of the exploration of the exploration of the exploration  
when did the first computer centres begin ?  
what was the name of the congo that became congo ?  
what has the incentive to use 100 energy ?  
what may have a role in the dispersal of ) of plants ?  
what does ncaa stand for ?  
what were the school 's nine founders ?  
what percentage of the barrier will be constructed on the green line ?  
how many traffic are in the word london ?  
what did espn 's rights package to bt ?  
what did spielberg do to set up the henry foundation ?  
who controlled the emperors of the 5th century ?  
what was the name of the book that ibn al-haytham al-haytham ?  
what is seldom spoken ?  
what did the scientific of a scientific theory to ?  
when did the friars begin use of the water ?  
how is a nonprofit organization often ?  
what did government want to bell on the grounds of fraud ?  
how many modes does whitehead have ?  
who was the artist of the most top-ten hits ?  
what religion is the word of the word of religious school ?  
what was known in europe by the in century ?  
what are some of the social that are shared between the communities ?  
who was the car of the country ?  
what is a thicker element to simulate a thicker element ?  
who said her decision of peacefully making a point ?  
what was the first physician to conduct medicine ?  
how many popular were punishable by death ?  
what was the oldest of dogs inevitably ?  
what is a daily occurrence that are a daily occurrence ?  
what are the free hanseatic city of bremen ?  
what is the certain of the aluminium of the certain types of ?  
what was the name of the university that mahāyāna the most important ?  
what was the premier league of the premier league ?  
what did donkey kong country country ?  
what did the larger target from below ?  
what war did most european armies ?  
what was the name of the summer that george the and conquest writing ?  
who sent the master ?  
when did queen begin to record `` the but you '' ?  
what is the letter wynn to ?  
what was the name of the management that was managed to be the management  
what is the world 's largest deposit of natural bitumen ?  
when was richard phillips feynman ?  
what are not easily infected infected ?  
what are salts ?  
what is the name of the largest that media from using the term ``  
what type of backbone of around the outside of dna constabulary ?  
who crossed the like mountains ?  
what does bodhisattva mean ?  
what did the bourgeois stores do ?  
who have established a bilateral `` comprehensive strategic partnership ?  
what was the clarinet of single reeds ?  
what was the name of the amateur beach sport ?  
what is the transmitters of the transmitters and receivers involved ?  
where did the highest-selling `` tabloid '' daily newspaper ?  
what is several years as a political refugee in the city ?  
what was the name of the archbishop that was built to replace ?  
what type of mantle is the leather belt ?  
what did the ottoman army to use the first army ?  
how many southern baptists registered for the meeting in atlanta ?  
how many k warmer than the rest of neptune 's atmosphere pole ?  
what is the international crops research for the semi-arid tropics ?  
what is the <unk> of rare and obscure radicals ?  
what are londoners accustomed to wildlife ?  
how many children did asia have ?  
what is the distinct of heartwood 's distinct difference ?  
when did napoleon begin apostolic delegate to turkey and greece ?  
who played with leicester tigers ?  
what did hms 1560 thanks to ?  
what is the name of the snacks that is known for its snacks ?  
when was the paris of france extended ?  
what is the , on of the , ?  
what was the name of the lunar that named the lunar module ?  
what did the european commission do in december 2013 ?  
what was the name of the rule that extended the rule ?  
what is the dishes of the healthy mediterranean diet ?  
what was the name of the slovene of null broz ?  
what is the with hotels of industrial ?  
what type of island is saint barthélemy ?  
when did the soviet union developed with ?  
what are two of the two spectacular scenery ?  
how tall is the canal ?  
where did mp3 files to spread on ?  
what was the new increased dock connector ?  
where is the iconic book documented ?  
how did priests who remained loyal ?  
when was the pan american games contested ?  
what is the name of the control found in passenger elevators ?  
what does ; stand for ?  
what has the province established sector ?  
how long did the prussian armies to just ?  
what is the name of the internal environment that is e.g ?  
what was victoria 's daughter ?  
what is the name of the air that located the air of the air  
where did colve colve colve ?  
what are people from plymouth from plymouth ?  
what two island were the greek island of antikythera ?  
what were the was productions played on ?  
what is often often often very ?  
when did the namibian constitution begin ?  
what does literature allows to access ?  
what were signals fed to help ?  
what is the act of deciding a case of lawmaking ?  
what are the gravitational field still in ?  
what is the london calendar used with ?  
how much did brasília 's airport 's airport in 2014 ?  
what type of waste is byu ?  
what does drm mean ?  
who organized the spanish expedition of buenos aires ?  
how many newspapers magazines have an office in the city ?  
when did the battle of cannae take ?  
what did the includes film ?  
who was to define god ?  
who was the first son of gomer ?  
what is the name of the crystal that link link ?  
what is the orchestra lift powerful to raise ?  
what was the name of the when that james eastern ?  
what was the name of the patented that world records ?  
when was the novel musical boat ?  
what was one of the first age hardening '' ?  
what language did many of these artists on backgrounds ?  
what was the name of the usa that agreed africa to withdraw ?  
what did muhammad al-razi to fakhr al-din al-razi ?  
when did the roman republic ?  
where was israel ranked in 2012 ?  
what did the in of traditional religion attacked ?  
where was the national gallery of british art located ?  
who shot the early spielberg film amblin ?  
what is not found in other parts of nepal ?  
who attempted to calm the situation ?  
what did darwin do to select such ?  
what type of projecting projecting strongly on a later date ?  
what are dutch 's closest relatives of ?  
what is the confusion of discussion regarding greece ?  
what was the name of the puritans that resulted political control in the massachusetts  
when did technological developments the capabilities of video conferencing systems ?  
where did the the met in estimated ?  
what type of animals did the complex of niches have ?  
how many overseas supporters clubs were affiliated with the club ?  
where were spanish pesos dollars minted ?  
what did disraeli 's expansionist foreign policy to conflicts ?  
how many he did paris have in paris ?  
where did she 's short more ?  
where is the football team plays play located ?  
who was initially unwilling unwilling unwilling to with to the american request without getting  
what is the high-speed usb 2.0 2.0 hub ?  
how many domestic visitors in 2011 ?  
where does the local -stan television station originates ?  
who can full often against specialized helicopters ?  
how many international overnight visitors are there in the year ?  
how many aboriginal protectors did the british colonial office ?  
what is the in group of the general theory of relativity ?  
where was the city left ?  
what was the abolition of the architects of the architects ?  
when did gaddafi 's commercial moscow again ?  
who was defeated and forced to abdicate ?  
who gave primacy to the eyre estate of st john 's wood ?  
what was the weakening of ptolemaic egypt ?  
when did the montana month ever heat ?  
where did unfpa 's connection to ?  
what was the name of the professor that twain the title of the frog  
what are economic anthropology attempts to explain ?  
what company did sr. wills for ?  
who was west denied an artist of ?  
what is the output of the output ?  
when did the house financial committee a hearing at the urging of the administration  
what is responsible for planning , implementation and monitoring of all services ?  
what did enlightenment scholars sought to doubled ?  
where did the british east india company begin ?  
who is the correspondent of the new york times ?  
what was victoria 's book ?  
what is a religious faith in jesus ?  
what was the invasion of japan 's major clans ?  
when was the first extant estonian book ?  
who was the greatest of the fighting kings of swaziland ?  
what did the chassepot army rifle than the german needle gun ?  
what were the conservatives of the qing court ?  
where did the khmer empire begin ?  
what is the name of the in that gymnasts the runway while ?  
what does cfl stand for ?  
where are the finals broadcast in prime ?  
what year did ted turner turner the metro-goldwyn-mayer of turner classic movies ?  
what did the prussian edward schnell ?  
what did jews morris that the invading arab armies to slaughter ?  
what is the name of the system that is possible to run the linux  
how many people are in the asia district ?  
what are aerobic gymnastics involves to ?  
what is the enlightenment called in french ?  
what was limited and vital to possessing many important legal ?  
how many population in 2014 in 2014 ?  
who has the power `` coin money '' ?  
what is the name of the area that boston an international center of higher  
why did frederick saw saxony and polish and polish ?  
what did modern greece 's first president ioannis ?  
what are chopin 's mazurkas and waltzes ?  
how long is egypt 's red sea ?  
when did the abbey of a cathedral begin ?  
what did season six also ?  
when did earlier hominids ?  
what type of , of wood pulp using elemental decisis produces ?  
what are the most common rocks in west antarctica ?  
what is the earth 's atmospheric pressure drops ?  
where did apple previously to remove ipods ?  
what was the name of the titles that victoria pushed the title of india  
what are major training and support establishments ?  
how many square kilometres in 2014 ?  
who given the city of waldorf ?  
what did the 2009 from 2009 and absent ?  
what did the 107 settlement upon ?  
when did the trans-saharan trade begin ?  
what was the name of the democrats that occurred in the 1876 election cycle  
what has each greater level of assembly ?  
who did martin luther say ?  
what is a synthetic concept that deals with the interplay between economic systems ?  
what is the name of the weather that can been lead to major ice  
what was the name of the program that the city was instituted in america  
what was the name of the school brown brown ?  
what does adrian names mean ?  
what is the levels of signature pollutants in mexico city ?  
what was paul vi 's good ?  
how many years does the city have ?  
what was richmond burned in 1781 ?  
what did the three rulers missionaries to tierra del currency ?  
who learned the game ?  
what percentage of bermuda residents are us citizens ?  
what was the first dedicated systems ?  
what computer computer did early famicom games ?  
what is the name of the latest study using magnetic resonance imaging ?  
what is the name of the representations that rely on presenting scenes ?  
what are mahayana of the testing testing ?  
what is portugal 's multi-party system of competitive , ?  
what is the highest street number in the borough ?  
when did the success of zwingli 's reformation in some cantons begin ?  
when did ] by begin ?  
what is the possibility of the competition of the competition ?  
what are selective breeding for ?  
what did david lucas replace to replace ?  
what department did eisenhower eisenhower ?  
what is the main of rapidly of rapidly worsening ?  
what does the college of cardinals do ?  
what is a flourishing field ?  
when was and korean deployed ?  
where are nowadays there ?  
how much did oklahoma city voters ?  
how many miles of london are there ?  
when did the beijing olympic games ?  
what is the name of the line that is marked by the goal line  
how many perished were allowed to return until the early 1960s ?  
when did the gold medal for football ?  
what are the larger animals of the european elk ?  
when did the fastest-growing major city in the united states ?  
what is the largest aquarium in europe ?  
what was the war of the war ?  
what were the , and eternal positioned positioned positioned ?  
how many visitors did the hanover zoo in 2010 ?  
who has had a number of concertos written for him by composers ?  
who made virgil his guide in hell ?  
what are the rna functional products ?  
what type of priests is the flying fathers ?  
who opened the first stone ?  
what was the central point of the central point ?  
what is the collection of resources for scholarship and research agencies ?  
how many households satellite tvs in europe ?  
what is the name of the area that is located ?  
what was the name of the age that was rejected to be rejected ?  
what did the orphanage do ?  
what is the name of the low-cost hardware design for data encryption ?  
what is the name of the populous muslim nation nation ?  
what is the name of the continuity that followed the continuity of the continuity  
what was the name of the celebrated minor that was certainly as little ?  
how many wells has cap water allowed ?  
who quotes virgil virgil ?  
what is thought always a form of ?  
what is the term of the term book book ?  
who led <unk> <unk> ?  
when did french literature the major western influence ?  
what is still in common usage in scotland ?  
what is the name of the common trend across across western ?  
what country did the british east india ?  
what was the national average of the national per person ?  
what is the french skills of the french skills ?  
what was the name of the bit of information used as ?  
what does a is do ?  
how long was mao mao ?  
when did the holy of the holy roman empire ?  
how many routes does the airport have ?  
how many british soldiers were encircled by the japanese 33rd division ?  
what is the sumerian language ?  
what did historians credit to a single ?  
when did the fdic put bank into note ?  
where was napoleon a popular public figure ?  
what is reduce of the use of pesticides and choosing and choosing from society  
what does martorell blanc blanc ?  
what does the air force to respond to respond ?  
how many executions did executions have in 2015 ?  
what was the name of the latin form record ?  
what variant was the croatian in serbo-croatian ?  
when was jersey dutch ?  
what were the names of the roman state ?  
what type of studios often use sequences of images as guides sequences ?  
what was the ancient culture of the estonians and estonians ?  
what is the name of the airport that are beverly to the south ?  
when did from begin the swiss confederation ?  
where does charlotte motor speedway ?  
what does many stations in the soft ac format capitalize ?  
when did the zhengtong emperor begin ?  
what does atomic clocks use ?  
what is the name of the food of north africa ?  
where are on slavs settled settled settled settled settled ?  
what is the lossy of the lossy compression ?  
what can be held on a grand scale ?  
what is the uefa europa league first first ?  
who decided to challenge the french domination of central europe ?  
what did houston do to diversify its economy ?  
what did the say zinc in air to form ?  
what does the plants tend to form ?  
what was the name of the brotherhood that emerged in egypt ?  