what type of manufacturing plant is victoria soon losing ? 
what notable private school has an endowment of several hundred million dollars ? 
where does the nederrijn change it 's name ? 
taking evidence from witnesses is one of committees ' what ? 
how much of the water flow does the waal get from the rhine ? 
what was temur khan 's chinese-style name ? 
what happens as they build phase 1 ? 
how large was the audience bskyb said they could reach ? 
how many receptors on a helper t cell must be bound to a mhc : antigen complex in order for the cell to be activated ? 
how is the o2 molecule referred to in its ground state ? 
who is required to verify and have existing utility lines marked ? 
where does newly created wealth concentrate ? 
how are 'un-aided ' schools different from 'aided ' schools ? 
what happens first if a directive 's deadline for implementation is not met ? 
how many people in quzhou are descended from confucius ? 
during what period the drainage basin of the amazon likely split ? 
what organization did harvard found in 1900 ? 
what liberal succeeded joseph willard as president ? 
what planet seemed to buck newton 's gravitational laws ? 
what was the end of the war of the austrian succession ? 
how did their lawyer suggest they would plea ? 
what is the name of the winter festival held in january that is based on fitness ? 
what territory was ceded to britain ? 
how did the yuan come to have the 4 schools of medicine ? 
by what main attribute are computational problems classified utilizing computational complexity theory ? 
other than many sunny days , what characteristic is typical for the climate in souther california ? 
what do all member states agree takes precedence over national law ? 
what type of flower is sought on midsummer 's eve ? 
what does the substitution of equipment for labor raise for workers ? 
is a problem instance typically characterized as abstract or concrete ? 
at what point does oxygen toxicity begin to happen ? 
what are three examples of complexity classes associated with definitions established by probabilistic turing machines ? 
when american car companies rolled out with their domestic replacement cars , which policy ended ? 
what is another word for long , planar igneous intrusions ? 
what are the phagocytes that are located in tissues in contact with the external environment called ? 
what building from the 19th century was destroyed between the 1950s and 1960s ? 
what is there a push for in the u.s. to reduce consumer drug costs ? 
whose ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment ? 
how much saharan dust is blown and falls upon the caribbean sea each year ? 
where does the ijssel branch flow ? 
what commemorates warsaw 's heroic history ? 
what other clashes were involved in taking louisbourg ? 
what report had the correct date ? 
where was the central secretariat based ? 
what modern city did khanbaliq become ? 
what college is jake rosenfield associated with ? 
what dynasty came after the yuan ? 
what is the nickname for the delta in the netherlands ? 
j . a. hobson wanted which races to develop the world ? 
which region of california is palm springs located in ? 
what is the second most abundant element ? 
what tribe uses gps devices to map lands ? 
where is the asian influence strongest in victoria ? 
besides fats , fatty acids , and amino acids , what other organic compounds contain oxygen ? 
what decreased in number between 1984 and 1991 ? 
what is circuit switching characterized by 
what sin were the leaders the extremists attacked guilty of ? 
what were the saxon palace and brühl palace in prewar warsaw ? 
how and when did the first variant of y. pestis enter europe ? 
what other european protestant leader was educated at the university of paris ? 
which ctenophora have been studies the most ? 
who is the current premier of victoria ? 
who was bill aiken 's adopted mother ? 
how many sororities are apart of the university ? 
what country are all the counties in ? 
what is the delta in the rhine delimited in the west by ? 
what needs to be avoided with civil disobedience ? 
when was zhu shijie born ? 
what was the english name of gou 's calendar ? 
what is the name of the village that once existed in what is now downtown jacksonville ? 
who can enforce european union law ? 
although not a fuel ___ is the chemical compound the generates the most occurrence of explosions . 
what is a common occurrence during summer days ? 
this network influenced later models of 
when did holden announce that it will close its victoria plant ? 
what was diverted and now flows parallel to the rhine ? 
natural killer cells recognize cells that should be targeted by a condition known as what ? 
the kronenberg palace had been an exceptional example of what type of architecture ? 
what are the two symbols that signify pharmacy in english-speaking countries ? 
what advancements besides military technology did europe achieve ? 
what method was used to clear forest for crop cultivation in the amazon forest ? 
after the rhine emerges from lake constance , what direction does it flow ? 
the west saw the east as what ? 
what ethnic neighborhood in fresno had primarily japanese residents in 1940 ? 
where was france concentraing efforts ? 
by what other name was the gate known ? 
vaginal secretions serve as a chemical protective barrier following what ? 
how was this possible 
can the president of the council vote on important matters related to the european central bank ? 
what is another term for rotors ? 
what is european union law ? 
how cold does this region of victoria get in the winner ? 
where is the home of the sunnyside country club ? 
who loved warsaw so much that he kept putting it in his novels ? 
which principle is based on the appearance of fossils in sedimentary rocks ? 
in what year did enr compile data in nine market segments ? 
what does ctenophore mean in greek ? 
other than the motion picture and television industry , what other major industry is centered in los angeles ? 
what year did king sigismund iii vasa move his court to warsaw ? 
what class of t cells recognizes intact antigens that are not associated with mhc receptors ? 
what is the norman architecture idiom ? 
vendobionta lived during which period ? 
how much of warsaw 's population was jewish ? 
by what document did the huguenots confess their faith to the portuguese in brazil ? 
when was operation market garden ? 
why did opec block oil deliveries to the united states ? 
le grand concludes that an author 's words offer only what they intended for them to imply regarding this type of terminology ? 
what is the section of the rhine gorge recognized by unesco called ? 
which region began to grow and assert itself in the 2000s ? 
what scale does trade liberalization shift economic inequality from ? 
how many horsepower was watt 's engine ? 
what combined with ricing prices to make it difficult or impossible for poor people to keep pace ? 
what is the eighth most populous city in the nation ? 
for what nation did ribault initially claim what is now jacksonville ? 
who was the first huguenot to arrive at the cape of good hope ? 
which sea was oil discovered in ? 
what city served as poland 's capital in 1313 ? 
when did li tan lead a revolt ? 
where does the rhine river 's measurement begin ? 
the tower district is centered around which historic theatre ? 
in the rankine cycle , what does water turn into when heated ? 
when did the university start having a bachelor 's degree program in cinema & media studies ? 
by which year did full sized american cars shrink to be smaller ? 
what is the name of the old north branch of the rhine ? 
what did hamas win in the january 2006 legislative election ? 
which species moves by a darting motion ? 
what was the percentage of germans attending private high schools in 2008 ? 
what is the duration of harvard academic year ? 
how many were killed by plague in naples in 1656 ? 
how effective was the military use of the `` afghan arabs '' ? 
the oil crisis caused oil companies to increase oil supplies in which area ? 
what supplanted frame relay and x.25 
what is one reason a patient might choose an internet pharmacy ? 
what is the term given to algorithms that utilize random bits ? 
what basin was formed when the andes mountains rose ? 
how many scalar equations were formed into a set by james maxwell ? 
how man people gather along the banks of the vistula for the wianki festival ? 
who chartered the british east india company ? 
what light radiation does ozone absorb ? 
when was the mass high school education movement ? 
from what type of materials must liquid oxygen be separated ? 
who runs the university of chicago ? 
what is the german term for segregating students based on their parents ' wealth ? 
what cytokines are responsible for communication between white blood cells ? 
what type of musical instruments did the yuan bring to china ? 
dendritic cells are named that because they resemble what ? 
what was robert watson 's role in the ipcc ? 
how many protestants live in france today ? 
what happened to the credibility of secular politics as a result of the six-day war ? 
what is tuition for 2012 - 13 year at harvard ? 
having existing utility lines marked lessens the likelihood of what ? 
who founded the ming dynasty ? 
how many square kilometers of rainforest is covered in the basin ? 
the word imperialism has it 's origins in which ancient language ? 
most aspects of transport safety is a subject dealt with by whom ? 
what south african law recognized two types of schools ? 
in what year did bankamericard change its name ? 
what was the bubonic plague mechanism reliant on ? 
who led the north american huguenot colonial expedition ? 
how long did it take for thoreau 's disobedience to be known ? 
when did warsaw become the center of the congress poland ? 
when economic inequality is smaller , more waste and pollution is ? 
who was drawn to jacksonville in the 1910s ? 
what protects the statocyst ? 
what is the saxon garden in polish ? 
what is the expression used to denote a worst case complexity as expressed by time taken ? 
why must one be excluded in order to preserve the uniqueness of the fundamental theorem ? 
what did mongols worship ? 
who took the throne after kusala 's death ? 
what did paul-louis simond establish in 1898 ? 
uchicago claims to have what kind of learning experience compared to other universities ? 
how much of the ipcc attendees are government representatives ? 
what did watt add to the steam engine in 1788 ? 
what is another notable university in warsaw after the university of warsaw ? 
the party awarded a seat is the one with the highest what ? 
wbai 's broadcasting some of george carlin 's comedy eventually led to what ? 
to where did ethelred flee ? 
inflammation occurs during sleep times because of the presence of what molecule ? 
the black plague ravaged europe for three years followed by what country ? 
conservative islam classifies muslims who follow shia interpretation as what ? 
what was the name of bskyb 's digital service launched under ? 
if polynomial time can be utilized within an np-complete problem , what does the imply p is equal to ? 
what is the medieval esteve pharmacy used as at present ? 
what is decreased by staging expansion across multiple cylinders ? 
what does factorization of prime ideals approximate ? 
why were the 2011 special reports issued ? 
as of 2008 , about what percentage of swedish students attended private schools ? 
what was the proportion of huguenots to catholics at their peak ? 
the amazon region is home to how many species of insect ? 
what is the first line of defense against pathogens that prevents them from entering an organism ? 
the number of new huguenot colonists declined after what year ? 
where does the lek join ? 
who did alexander i marry ? 
john mayow died in what year ? 
how many of the six total packages available to broadcasters was setanta awarded ? 
what condition what must be satisfied in order for 1/p to be expressed in base q instead of base 10 and still have a period of p - 1 ? 
when did france and the dutch fight in the 17th century ? 
le grand states that students studying civil disobedience will often run into grammatical niceties and what other problem ? 
what is missing a theory on quantum gravity ? 
the fact that not all fossils may be found globally at the same time causes the principle to become what ? 
what did priestley name the gas his experiment produced ? 
when did dyrrachium fall to the normans ? 
who ordered loudoun to attack louisbourg ? 
what approach did oppenheimer advocate ? 
which set of countries have higher economic mobility than the united states ? 
what style were the mass constructed residential blocks designed in ? 
why is the node requiered to look up 
when was the third assessment report published ? 
what is the oncorhynchus also called ? 
what has an equivalence between mass and space-time ? 
what is the english translation of het scheur ? 
what may explain why some americans who 've become rich may have had a head start ? 
how did the final song emperor die ? 
income not from the creation of wealth but by grabbing a larger share of it is know to economists by what term ? 
when was the rhine crisis ? 
what is the study of proteins involved in immune response known as ? 
who applies expertise to relate the work and materials involved to a proper valuation ? 
when did opec start to readjust oil prices ? 
what gender is less willing to travel or relocate for work ? 
what is resposible for speeding up or slowing down an object ? 
what is another plague thought to have spread the same way ? 
what did the court of justice reason were controlled in all member states in josemans v burgemeester van maastricht ? 
when did the world 's population finally recover from the black death ? 
when was the single european act made ? 
when was the holocene ? 
how did the nixon administration negotiate with the uncooperative countries ? 
what is preserved in a closed system of forces when acted upon ? 
what can and old , ill man not do ? 
how many vector equations did heaviside and gibbs reformilate maxwell 's 20 scalar equtions into ? 
what do supporters of islamism believe their views reflect ? 
how many megaregions are there in the united states ? 
what did the early entrant program do for potential students ? 
phagocytosis first evolved as means of doing what ? 
southern california had a population of 22,680,010 according to the census from which year ? 
the pleistocene epoch takes place during which period ? 
what does matter actually have that newtonian mechanics does n't address ? 
the two aaa clubs divided the state into a northern and southern california as opposed to what point of view ? 
what was the steam engine an important component of ? 
what kind of economy did northern california start to grow in the 2000s ? 
what increases rapidly as per capita income increases ? 
when was the upper rhine sold to burgundy ? 
what other scientist influence frank burnet when he was formulating his theory of immunity ? 
during what period did the tower theatre re-open ? 
when did western forces invade iraq ? 
whose puppet did islamists accuse the saudi regime of being ? 
what value does the seperating into fermions and bosons depend ? 
what year did bskyb and microsoft announce their settlement ? 
what is the redundant concept coming from momentum conservation ? 
what civil rights movement in the us was known for it 's disobedience ? 
which canal was dug in france to carry rhine 's water ? 
on what basis do the radical islamist organizations conduct their attacks ? 
the 4 sales and service centers are viewed as 
when was the divestment from south africa movement ? 
by what means is bulk oxygen shipped ? 
what leads to confusion and collapse ? 
what do statements from the po and member in charge of the bill also indicate ? 
who contributes to members business in addition to the proposer ? 
warsaw 's national museum is one of the most what ? 
which entity is the secondary legislative body ? 
how successful was initial effort by braddock ? 
which tfeu article states that states are exempt from infringing on rights of establishment when they exercise official authority ? 
in what year was wisconsin v. yoder decided at the supreme court ? 
where did charles de gaulle and the free french run operations during world war 2 ? 
what are the weakly filled higher orbitals of oxygen ? 
what was the naval base called ? 
where was parliament temporarily relocated to in may of 2000 ? 
how often does the european council meet ? 
what must the adoption of laws which will have legal effect in the eu have ? 
what is the cjeu 's duty ? 
the integer factorization problem essentially seeks to determine if the value of of an input is less than what variable ? 
what does most of the hd material use as a standard ? 
who was on celeron 's expedition ? 
what lake in a german island mainau receives a fraction of the rhine 's flow ? 
what is the most feared condition that divers want to avoid ? 
under normal conditions , what do two atoms of oxygen form ? 
where did iroquois confederation control ? 
where are reserved matters stated in the scotland act ? 
what is the intrisic angular variable called when particles act upon one another ? 
who was the karluk kara-khanid ruler ranked above ? 
when has toyota said it will close its victoria plant ? 
where did british resettle many acadians ? 
the business allowed for private companies to do what 
when did the warsaw uprising begin ? 
what is the law of thermodynamics associated with closed system heat exchange ? 
which tribes did genghis khan unite ? 
how long was warsaw occupied by germany ? 
in which case did the court of justice hold that a german court could n't deny a dutch building company the right to enforce a contract based in germany ? 
how long has the imagery of the mermaid been used by warsaw ? 
where do pharmacists acquire more preparation following pharmacy school ? 
what time framd does the seven years war cover ? 
what characteristic of oxygen causes it to form bonds with other elements ? 
what does pushing and pulling perceptions provide for describing forces ? 
what can be seen between hadrons ? 
what co-receptor on the t cell helps in recognizing the mhc-antigen complex ? 
what was kublai 's favorite sect of tibetan buddhism ? 
what are new responsibilities pharmacy technicians now deal with ? 
how many species of insects are known in the region ? 
what 's thomas piketty 's job ? 
when rock folds deep in the earth it can fold one of two ways , when it buckles upwards it creates what ? 
who is responsible for ensuring the parliament works smoothly ? 
what is one supplementary source of european union law ? 
what does the beroe do when pursuing prey ? 
how recently has the homes in fresno been restored ? 
what are the tentacles of cydipped ctenophores are usually fringed with ? 
in what year did the university first see a drop in applications ? 
what is the name of the water body that is found to the east ? 
when did the wahhabi seized the grand mosque in mecca ? 
when are subject committees established ? 
what portion of households in jacksonville have only one person ? 
what has been the main reason for the shift to the view that income inequality harms growth ? 
which florida city has the biggest population ? 
the rhine redistributes into the ijssel and what other body ? 
what magnetic character do triplet o2 have ? 
where did it join in the direction of its flow ? 
how is lap provided by overlapping the admission side port ? 
intractable problems lacking polynomial time solutions necessarily negate the practical efficacy of what type of algorithm ? 
who funds the ipcc 's secretary ? 
how many people attended the 2003 ipcc meeting ? 
a problem set that that is hard for the expression np can also be stated how ? 
which is the largest city not connected to an interstate highway ? 
when did building activity occur on st. kazimierz church ? 
what is one of the first responses the immune system has to infection ? 
what aid is available to underprivileged students seeking to attend a private university ? 
who wrote the nong shu ? 
how long does the members debate last ? 
what jewish practice did the yuan ban ? 
what lands were reserved for natives ? 
most power of what sort is generated by steam turbines today ? 
where did france focus its efforts to rebuild its empire ? 
despite the presburger problem , and in view of intractability , what has been done to establish solutions in reasonable periods of time ? 
if the average u.s. worker were to complete an additional year of school , what amount of growth would be generated over 5 years ? 
who designed the golf course located at the sunnyside country club ? 
how much rain per year does fresno get on average ? 
what impact does higher worker productivity and leveled pay have on higher earners ? 
what famous indian 's actions were considered civil disobedience ? 
what previous work did lavoisier experiments discredit ? 
what was the name of the first german settlement ? 
what will a pharmacist who passes the ambulatory pharmacist exam be called ? 
what happens to the jellyfish nematocysts when they are eaten by the haeckelia ? 
what do oxygen tanks , cryogenics , and chemical compounds serve as for oxygen ? 
how many nations are within the amazon basin ? 
what is one example of an instance that the quantitative answer to the traveling salesman problem fails to answer ? 
how did huguenots evolve their religious beliefs in the new world ? 
who confirmed watt 's discovery of latent heat ? 
what british prime minister advisor is also a university alumni member ? 
how many nations contain `` amazonas '' in their names ? 
what types of health outcomes do pharmacists aim for with their patients ? 
what process attributes new wealth to those that already have it ? 
the term `` southern '' california usually refers to how many of the southern-most counties of the state ? 
why do polar water bodies support a higher amount of life ? 
how much of afghanistan did the taliban take over ? 
what is the logic behind the cicadas prime number evolutionary strategy ? 
what policy did stalin implement shortly after lenin 's death ? 
how much windblown dust leaves the sahara each year ? 
how many research centers does the university run on campus ? 
what is the average discharge of the moselle to the rhine ? 
what is the name for a response of the immune system that damages the body 's native tissues ? 
in what year was hms dreadnought launched ? 
what does colonia agrippina 's original name translate into ? 
from whom were the movement that eliot followed derived ? 
why are debates on proposed motions by an msp conducted ? 
what do bathyctena chuni , euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera have in common ? 
what exchange in warsaw is one of the most important for central and eastern europe ? 
how old was toghun temur when he became emperor ? 
what was warsaw 's population in 1901 ? 
what was the first internet2 network named 
when did french republicans back building the french empire ? 
what percentage does the amazon represents in rainforests on the planet ? 
what was the total nominal gdp of warsaw in 2010 ? 
building printing is making it possible to flexibly construct small commercial buildings and private habitations in what amount of time ? 
how long is the rhine ? 
what is the lowest ranking one of the counties could have in terms of most populous counties in the united states ? 
what is the most recent example of financial fault lines ? 
near where in the continent is it believed that the amazon basin split ? 
what is issued once construction is complete and a final inspection has been passed ? 
what was the incident over taxes at ballarat called ? 
what do the membership of the committees reflect ? 
what city north of new york was settled by huguenots ? 
what was the song dynasty 's capital ? 
who led new france reinforcements in 1756 ? 
when was dali conquered by the yuan ? 
how many msps are there ? 
if you do not know both magnitude and direction of two forces on an object , what would you call that situation ? 
what european event caused the huguenots to abandon charlesfort ? 
what can block a legislation ? 
what political leaning does the cato institute have ? 
what antibody is transported from the mother to baby across the placenta ? 
why did the 5th president of the university decide to get rid of the football program ? 
what function does ozone perform for the planet ? 
according to wilson 's theorem , what factorial must be divisible by n if some integer n > 4 is to be considered composite ? 
who conceptualized the aeolipile ? 
roughly , how much oxygen makes up the earth crust ? 
the los angeles angels of anaheim are from which sport ? 
what effect does european union law have on laws of member states ? 
what welding process was demonstrated in 1901 ? 
when did oxygen begin to move from the oceans to the atmosphere ? 
what bacteria lives inside a protective capsule that serves to prevent cell lysis ? 
what is the name of the area that the main campus is centered in cambridge ? 
what does lack of education lead directly to ? 
which of the tributaries in germany contributes most ? 
how many times less is the strenght of the weak field compared to the strong ? 
what did water that flowed towards the pacific have to flow across during the mid-eocene ? 
how many medieval warm period reconstructions were used ? 
how many huguenots were killed in toulouse ? 
what paper is commonly considered the bellwether ushering in systematic studies computational complexity ? 
when was the heyday of secular arab nationalism ? 
when was amnesty granted to those responsible for the massacre ? 
the brotherhood was the only opposition group in egypt able to do what during elections ? 
how is winter weather in jacksonville described as ? 
how are forces classified with regard to push and pull strengt ? 
where in australia is victoria located ? 
what influence did al banna wish to eliminate from the muslim world ? 
what practical role does defining the complexity of problems play in everyday computing ? 
where was the rhine regulated with a lower canal ? 
which dynasties ' histories were officially documented during toghun 's reign ? 
what medical treatment is used to benefit patients with hearth and lung disorders ? 
how else can petrologists understand the temperature at which different mineral phases appear ? 
when did robert crispin go up against the turks ? 
how much imported oil came from the middle east ? 
what is 'grey literature ' ? 
in what sense must you be observing the curvature of space-time ? 
what type of civil disobedience is larger scale ? 
where did singer hold a press conference in may 2000 ? 
in which point did the drainage basin of the amazon split ? 
what is the main component of the aboral organ ? 
what coalition rose up to oppose louis xiv 's france ? 
maududi believed that islam needed what to be established ? 
which city does the hollywood district belong to ? 
what dutch document condemned the spanish inquisition ? 
bassett focuses on what to illustrate his idea ? 
what is the highest court in the european union ? 
what law staes that forces are interactions between bodies ? 
where were british defeated in canada ? 
warner center is located in which area ? 
what has been analyzed to compare amazon rainfall in the past and present ? 
where does the rhine make a distinctive turn to the north ? 
what tool has measured the amount of dust that travels from the sahara to the amazon ? 
who was the first warsaw president ? 
what do some encrypted broadcasts require to view ? 
by what means is imperialism usually administered ? 
what does a big o notation hide ? 
how many people does the greater los angeles area have ? 
what did some of the islamist groups supported by the west later become to be seen as ? 
what are phytoplankton ? 
what are the hairs on ctenophores called ? 
which state route has been in discussion to upgrade to interstate standards ? 
what is more fundamental than force in quanton field theory ? 
who wrote a pamphlet outlining the radical ideas of the extremists ? 
who was given land by british goovernment for development of ohio country ? 
how similar was the lisbon treaty to the constitutional treaty ? 
when large groups of people all boycott a system or do n't pay taxes it can be considered ? 
what is the first major city in the stream of the rhine ? 
when did zhenjin die ? 
what is the longest river in germany ? 
what consequence of establishing the scottish parliament applies to scottish mps sitting in the uk house of commons ? 
how many men older than 18 are there for every 100 women ? 
the earthquake forecast models what features of earthquakes in california ? 
when do members proceed to vote on whether they agree to the principles of the final bill ? 
assuming that t represents a polynomial in t ( n ) , what is the term given to the corresponding algorithm ? 
hank paulson is the former chairman and ceo of what banking firm ? 
what types of preparation do pharmacists have ? 
what is one of the reason that us production has been held responsible for recessions and lower economic growth ? 
what are committees in the scottish parliament compared to other systems ? 
where is much of the work of the scottish parliament done ? 
rather than taxation , what are private schools largely funded by ? 
what do the waal and the nederrijn-lek discharge throguh ? 
what is an example of an np-intermediate problem not known to exist in p or np-complete ? 
up to what age do students in the united kingdom attend preparatory schools ? 
what are some other factors a pharmacist must monitor ? 
gamma delta t cells share the characteristics of what other types of t cells ? 
which entity focused upon the free movement of workers ? 
how many intercollegiate sports does harvard compete in ncaa division i 
why did opec raise the price of oil to $ 5.11 ? 
what amount of the worlds carbon is stored in the amazon forest ? 
what public policy school found it 's home in the building that ludwig mies van der rohe designed ? 
what are the three main sources of european union law ? 
who was iqbal a critic of ? 
what is the largest sensory feature of the ctenophora ? 
why did al-qaeda tell isil to take a hike ? 
what does cbd stand for ? 
how many invertebrate species are known in brazil alone ? 
who mentored buyantu ? 
what type of landscapes other than geologic and natural ecosystem landscapes can be found in southern california ? 
who did kublai make the ruler of korea ? 
matter particles are shown as what kind of lines in a feynman diagram ? 
what is a main advantage of the rankine cycle ? 
what is blamed for causing the sharp drop in fish catches in the black sea and the sea of azov ? 
how many years could separate outbreaks of the black death ? 
what are the agents the immune system detects known as ? 
what percentage of electricity was made by steam turbine in the 1990s ? 
civil disobedience has been argued in more recent times to have suffered from what ? 
what part of the rhine flows through north rhine-westphalia ? 
what law connects relative velocities with inertia ? 
what is septicemia ? 
what product was notably shipped in vessels equipped with double and triple expansion engines ? 
what type of organization would need large quantities of pure oxygen ? 
plate tectonics can be seen as the intimate coupling between rigid plates on the surface of the earth and what ? 
what chinese era name did kublai adopt ? 
warsaw 's sidewalks and sanitation facilities are some examples of things which have what ? 
what did warner sinback decide 
how many valves did the corliss engine use ? 
when do the stated treaties apply ? 
where can population estimates be extrapolated from ? 
how long was the summer theatre in operation ? 
what order did british make of french ? 
what is unique about simultaneous hermaphrodites ? 
what did davies call his system 
where did ht fail to pull off a bloodless coup in 1974 ? 
what years did this occupation take place ? 
where did the black death originate ? 
what is generated between a surface and an object that is being pushed ? 
the presence of who is highly likely even in small projects ? 
who is responsible for operating the electronic voting equipment and chamber clocks ? 
the term may be related to what politician from switzerland ? 
in what century did the history of the steam engine begin ? 
what is the equality of forces between two objects exerting force on each other ? ? 
who did the army siege belong to ? 
what is one country that has been suggested for importation of medicines ? 
which president ended the emergency energy conservation act ? 
what is the size of the school 's endowment ? 
when did wei yilin die ? 
how are the packets routed 
under what instances can individuals rely on primary law in the court of justice of european union ? 
jacksonville began to suffer and decline after what major world event ? 
what is the royal castle the most interesting example of ? 
are there any regions where the treaty of european union excludes from jurisdiction ? 
what commonality do alternate machine models , such as random access machines , share with turing machines ? 
where have some workers made more than $ 100,000 ? 
who did the nif regime harbor prior to 9/11 ? 
who normally instructs members how to vote ? 
in antigone , who was the target of civil disobedience ? 
what is the number of plant species in economics and social interest ? 
what type of movies were produced in jacksonville 's 30 studios ? 
what are the three major types of rock ? 
which two importers claimed that under a french competition law , they were prevented from selling picon beer under wholesale price ? 
what other kind of sport is popular in southern california ? 
what do wages work in the same way as for any other good ? 
difficulty in establishing a framework for complexity classes can be caused by what variable ? 
what entity deals with eu staff issues ? 
when forces are from the presence of differnet objects , what law gives symmetry ? 
what was the yuan 's paper money called ? 
who produces a list of requirements for a project , giving an overall view of the project 's goals ? 
refineries , process chemical , power generation , mills and manufacturing plants are under what sector of construction ? 
in 1890 , who did the university decide to team up with ? 
how many pounds of steam per kilowatt hour does the energiprojekt ab engine use ? 
what is the term for the lack of obsevable free quarks ? 
what kind of climate does southern california maintain ? 
along with electric motors , what type of engines superseded piston steam engines ? 
what was the harvard endowment total in 2011 ? 
what is the parliamentary mace made of ? 
why did saudi arabia try to increase production , and reduce profits for high cost producers ? 
who found that a culture had developed where few commissioners had any sense of responsibility ? 
how are incomes distributed in sweden ? 
what did lempicka represent better than anyone else ? 
what do a number of researchers think a shortage of is caused in part by income inequality ? 
what were blank spaces used for on nineteenth-century maps ? 
who conceptualized the piston ? 
what is the process in which neutrophils move towards the site of inflammation called ? 
brownlee justifies civil disobedience toward what branch of the government ? 
what does political pressure push to extend to compensate for stagnating purchasing power ? 
what method is used for tallying votes in the second vote of the ballot ? 
what element did gay-lussac and von humboldt discover was present in twice the amount of oxygen in water ? 
why has the muslim brotherhood facilitated inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies ? 
what does the un want to stabilize ? 
from 2004 to 2005 harvard reduced the number of students earning latin honors from 90 % to what ? 
what marine engines were less efficient than steam turbines ? 
what is defined as the majority vote ? 
where did the normans and byzantines sign the peace treaty ? 
which country was worried that the us would invade the middle east ? 
when a commission reached no decision , what happened ? 
when does rain typically fall in jacksonville ? 
in what year was the agreement to allow the saarland settlement reached ? 
according to polynomial time reduction squaring can ultimately be logically reduced to what ? 
plants lack what kind of immune cells ? 
what would a parent have to pay to send their child to a boarding school in 2012 ? 
what did john dalton think that all elements were in number present in compounds ? 
what is a lower rate of social goods an effect of ? 
how old were the fossils found in china ? 
which court argued that the treaty of rome did not prevent energy nationalism ? 
how much food does a ctenophora eat in a day ? 
what tactic did researchers employ to offset the former deficit of work surrounding the complexity of algorithmic problems ? 
what researcher showed that air is a necessity for combustion ? 
name the other way that the plowshares organization temporarily closed ? 
a complexity resource can also be described as what other type of resource ? 
what theory was arrived at in 1811 that presented the assumption of diatomic molecules ? 
when did the normans attack dyrrachium ? 
when was earthenware movable type invented ? 
which boulevard can you find many majestic homes in the area ? 
which country is a traditional ally of israel ? 
during what time did the rainforest spanned a narrow band ? 
what un secretary went to harvard ? 
what percentage of british children are educated at gsce level in fee-paying schools ? 
who allegedly coined the name black death ? 
what was the plos pathogens paper about ? 
who governed the central region in the yuan ? 
what are the exceptions in the constitution that require special considerations to amend ? 
who deployed its army into afghanistan in 1979 ? 
what amendment to the united states constitution governs government funding of religious schools ? 
what is the state average growth rate ? 
the huguenots were the first europeans to live in what modern new york borough ? 
who founded the muslim brotherhood ? 
what happens secondly if a directive 's deadline is not met ? 
what happened to the ground water in the rhine during the rhine straightening program ? 
what is the current status of the haensch study ? 
when is the oldest armed seal of warsaw from ? 
what is negatively correlated to the duration of economic growth ? 
what year did the flood that impacted the meuse take place ? 
what can concentrate wealth , pass environmental costs on to society and abuse both workers and consumers ? 
who was influential in promoting the use of chemical compounds as medicines ? 
what present day county is new rochelle in ? 
case complexity likelihoods provide variable probabilities of what general measure ? 
what difficulties was shirly having ? 
how many miles across the atlantic ocean does saharan dust travel ? 
what can a simultaneous hermaphrodite do ? 
where did huguenots and walloons settle in england ? 
what is the oldest known rock in the world ? 
how old was chopin when he moved to warsaw with his family ? 
what is the strongest main interaction ? 
what were two of fresno 's most beautiful architectural buildings that are now demolished ? 
what organization is john schmitt and ben zipperer members of ? 
what was iqbal studying in england and germany ? 
when was the cretaceous-paleogen extinction occur ? 
how many tonnes of tomatoes does victoria produce ? 
how much of the sun is made up of oxygen ? 
what drew would-be jacksonville tourists to other florida destinations ? 
xenoliths are picked up by what and deposited into the matrix of igneous rocks ? 
what was normal british defense ? 
what force acts between electric charges ? 
if two thirds of the rhine flows through the maas , where doe the other one third flow through ? 
what is usually the goal of taking a plea bargain ? 
what does it mean when a harmonic series diverges ? 
when was the lisbon treaty established ? 
what was the belief that maintaining motion required force ? 
who designed the garden for the university library ? 
where are the streams the rhine captured ? 
at millingen aan de rijn where the rhine splits , what does it change it 's name to ? 
what was the warsaw pact war plan ? 
along with private individuals and organizations , what groups sometimes runs ergänzungsschulen ? 
what are the two primary constitutional sources of the european union ? 
what is commonly believed to be the value relationship between p and co-np 
who started the yuan dynasty ? 
when was the confederation of the rhine ? 
which treaty protects the freedom of establishment and the freedom to provide services ? 
when did the rhine straightening program begin ? 
which city is the most populous in california ? 
what will a society with more equality have ? 
stromatoveris is similair to which genus ? 
what contributed to water pollution in the rhine ? 
when was japan accepted as an arab-friendly state ? 
whose needs will the growth in pharmacy informatics meet ? 
who are committees comprised of ? 
where was dyrrachium located ? 
what percentage of the land cleared in the amazon is used for growing livestock ? 
what causes strain in structures ? 
what magnitude was the 1994 northridge earthquake ? 
imperialism and colonialism both assert a states dominance over what ? 
what do the three richest people in the world posses more of than the lowest 48 nations together ? 
the amount of land a country controls is its greatest what ? 
when was the cabinet-level energy department created ? 
what does the current high level of population have a large impact on ? 
other than scotland 's chief law officer , from whence are most ministers drawn from amongst ? 
what do conservative researchers fell should be a measure of inequality ? 
fielding h. garrison believes that the science of geology can be traced to where ? 
the center in paris is located near what river ? 
how many times has polonia won the cup ? 
how old are the fossils found that represent ctenophhores ? 
what type of issues are members typically allowed to vote as they please ? 
what word is the word pharmacy taken from ? 
who had military control during the yuan ? 
what areas are pharmacy informatics prepared to work in ? 
what are some advantages of hospital pharmacies ? 
what city later became beijing ? 
what 's one factor in eroding self-esteem ? 
who did the parliament rent additional buildings from ? 
which direction did the rhine flow during the last cold phase ? 
how many volumes are contained in the library ? 
developments in which scientists influenced the creation of pharmacology in medieval islam ? 
when was consumption inequality lower than it had been in 1986 ? 
what fortification was built in the 19th century after the defeat of the november uprising ? 
what was the rhine considered to invaders in wwii ? 
turing machines are commonly employed to define what ? 
during glacial times , where was the mouth of the rhine located ? 
where did a bloody civil war break out ? 
what is the major tributary for the rhine ? 
data from physical experiments can be extrapolated to the field to understand what processes ? 
in lands attributed to what tribe are found remains of large settlements ? 
how many households has kids under the age of 18 living in them ? 
what was william johnson 's iroquois name ? 
what academy did tugh temur found ? 
while competition between workers drives down wages for jobs with a high supply of worker , whose competition drives wages up for the inverse ? 
how many drugs approved by the fda in 2013 were specialty drugs ? 
when did o2 begin to acculturate in the atmosphere ? 
when do bathyctena chuni , euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera excrete secretions ? 
when did the colonization of india occur ? 
in latin america what is the most revered skin color ? 
what kind of force does not exist under newton 's third law ? 
how many botanical gardens does warsaw have ? 
where did the discharge from glaciers go in europe in the last ice age ? 
in the united states , what is a usual turbine speed with 60 hertz of power ? 
if you were to take a train west or south out of the city of fresno , which railroad would you take ? 
what is jacksonville 's hottest month on average ? 
the lithosphere moves over which mantle n the theory of plate tectonics ? 
what year was setanta sports awarded primeier leage rights to broadcast ? 
purpose of telnet 
bounding of time and space or similar measurements is often used by algorithms to define what ? 
what goods were sold in a pharma ? 
what nasa astronaut is also a university alumni member ? 
what are the antimicrobial peptides that are the main form of invertebrate systemic immunity called ? 
in what century did important classical music developments occur in normandy ? 
who was the second female nobel laureate ? 
what religion did the yuan discourage , to support buddhism ? 
besides rivers , what shapes the sedimentation of the rivers ? 
what country uses the bowl of hygieia as a symbol of pharmacy ? 
how many full time teachers does victoria have ? 
what are private secondary schools in germany called ? 
what were the two forms of environmental determinism ? 
what was compounding seen as being in the locomotive construction industry ? 
what was the name given to the regions in which the pro - slavery southerners lived ? 
what is one straightforward case of a probabilistic test ? 
what has had a negative impact on the labor markets in the us ? 
how many ministries of the scottish government does a committee typically correspond to ? 
what is the force called rgarding a potential field between two locations ? 
what is the legal boundary behind the high and upper rind ? 
which gas makes up 20.8 % of the earth 's atmosphere ? 
which direction did the disease first move in ? 
what is the conventional measurement of the rhine ? 
what is a typical configuration 
southern californian communities are well known to be large , spread - out , and what other characteristic ? 
what device is used to recycle the boiler water in most steam engines ? 
what is another term for shortening the admission event ? 
what was the name of du pont 's gunpowder operation ? 
what plateau has groups of clay pits ? 
what type of rail line is pacific national ? 
what causes rock extension ? 
how many expansion stages are used by the triple expansion engine ? 
where are the upper rhine and upper danube crossed ? 
what does bskyb 's sport portfolio include ? 
what government set standards do all schools have to meet ? 
what year did the university team up with shimer college ? 
what was the goal of this roman disobedience ? 
recent studies believe that ctenophores are the sister lineage to what ? 
who makes up the student government ? 
downtown burbank is an example of what kind of district ? 
what type of city has warsaw been for as long as it 's been a city ? 
when was qutb executed ? 
what did john paul ii 's visits in 1979 and 1983 encourage ? 
what had the yuan used to print its money before bronze plates ? 
despite being traditionall described as `` eight counties '' , how many counties does this region actually have ? 
what type of number do modern mathematicians consider 1 to be ? 
what motivation is opportunity-based entrepreneurship driven by ? 
on what railroad was salamanca used ? 
from what landmark within fresno does the tower theatre get its name ? 
other than point conception , what landmark is used in the other definition of southern california ? 
what south african vice consul did harvard students blockade the speech of ? 
where was the fis formed ? 
for what railroad did stephenson build a locomotive in 1825 ? 
which outbreak was associated with troops in the thirty years war ? 
what language other than english has the scottish parliament had meetings in ? 
what theoretical device is attributed to alan turing ? 
what is the process by which pathogens evade the immune system by hiding inside the host cells called ? 
what makes ctenophores different from all other animals ? 
what is another word for inclusions in sedimentary rocks ? 
who gained control of florida after the conclusion of the revolutionary war ? 
what modern formations do geologists study ? 
who is the final judge of right and wrong ? 
which country rationed gasoline and heating gas ? 
where is the european court of justice likely to get inspiration from ? 
in what year did harvard stadium become the first ever concrete reinforced stadium in the country ? 
what type of treatment are pharmacists important for ? 
what were the two main theories of immunity at the end of the 19th century ? 
what did the amazon rainforest do during the middle miocene ? 
which journal was the joint statement published in ? 
jules ferry thought that the `` higher races '' have a duty to what ? 
when did washington reach fort le boeuf ? 
what type of fault boundary is defined by having widespread powerful earthquakes , as in the state of california ? 
what concept is frequently used to define complexity classes ? 
what were british plans against french ? 
what party rules in melbourne 's inner regions ? 
what elements from the rift system in the alpine orogeny in southwest germany ? 
when was iqbal elected president of the muslim league ? 
article 34 meant states could be responsible for what ? 
what contributed to the severity of the plague ? 
who mapped the alta vista tract ? 
during what year were citizens or corporations said to not be able to bring claims against other non state parties ? 
friedrich ratzel thought imperialism was what for the country ? 
what does a t cell extend when it encounters a foreign pathogen ? 
what percentage of warsaw 's population was protestant in 1901 ? 
in what states are pharmacist clinicians given prescriptive and diagnostic authority ? 
what has replaced lower skilled workers in the united states ? 
what crops were introduced or popularized in the yuan ? 
when did the british defeat new france ? 
what was sky travel later rebranded as ? 
stratigraphers try to locate areas for what types of extraction ? 
what is the worlds largest academic and private library system ? 
how many floors are there in the building that was completed in 1967 ? 
who introduced plague to europe ? 
in what year did joseph priestley recognize oxygen ? 
who is the university accredited by ? 
why might rats not be responsible for the plague ? 
by how much did harvard management reduce its south africa holdings in response to pressure ? 
the inland delta at the mouth of the rhine is with what lake ? 
what new product did bank of america introduce in 1958 ? 
when did barton and whitfield demand climate research records ? 
what type of numbers demonstrate a flaw with the fermat primality test ? 
what uprising began in 1351 ? 
what was the chinese name of gou 's calendar ? 
along with trusts , what other non-profits are allowed to run schools in india ? 
who wrote `` the hidden prosperity of the poor '' ? 
french troops put down the camisard uprisings between what years ? 
why does fresno only have uhf television stations ? 
what were the fossils that were found to represent ctenphores missing that current ctenphora have ? 
what is the cjeu 's duty ? 
what is a ligand on the cell surface that is upregulated after helper t cell activation ? 
what is the name of the commuter rail system ? 
which archaeologist proposed the idea that the amazon rainforest could n't sustain large populations ? 
which country is the most dependent on arab oil ? 
what did thoreau claim about the majority ? 
sky movies and sky box office also include what optional soundtracks ? 
what are the laws of physics of galileo , in reference to objest in motion and rest ? 
for what size natural number does bertrand 's postulate hold ? 
what is the group called that does not agree with government at all ? 
what side effect of these type of protests is unfortunate ? 
the restriction modification system is used by bacteria for protection from what pathogens ? 
can bskyb veto the presence of channels on their epg ? 
who first described dynamic equilibrium ? 
what proposed attacks did shirley plan ? 
what is the most rainfall recorded in a 24 hour period in fresno ? 
what was the population jacksonville city as of 2010 ? 
what is the most elemental way to test the primality of any integer n ? 
are ctenophores predators , vegetarian or parasitic ? 
silicates of magnesium and iron make up of the earth 's ___ 
aside from being located on the coast , what contributes to jacksonville 's lack of cold weather ? 
what is the expression used to represent a complexity class of counting problems ? 
who challenged kublai khan 's right to succeed mongke khan ? 
what is another term for excessive compression ? 
what is the french name for the rhine ? 
what are the points of algebro-geometric objects ? 
what changes the mineral content of a rock ? 
what service is a videoguard uk equipped receiver dedicated to decrypt ? 
university of chicago scholars played a major part in what development ? 
what army was pushing deep into polish territory to pursue the germans in 1944 ? 
how many sources of european union law are there ? 
what is the scale used to measure the strength of hurricanes called ? 
what is the mineral wustite ? 
barro found there is little relation between income inequality and rates of what ? 
did the rainforest managed to thrive during the glacial periods ? 
which district in fresno is known as the center for the heavy metal community ? 
where were persians more successful compared to chinese in the yuan ? 
what activity maintains topographic gradients ? 
who is kearney boulevard named after ? 
by august 2010 how many public schools did victoria have ? 
how many kilometers is warsaw from the carpathian mountains ? 
how many tons of living plants are in the rainforest ? 
how many bodies did public health england exhume ? 
the cities of los angeles and san diego are a part of which state ? 
what alumni wrote `` the closing of the american mind '' ? 
how is income inequality generally viewed by workers ? 
what type of district is southern california home to many of ? 
when did the four rightly guided caliphs die ? 
how many atoms combine to form dioxygen ? 
hormones can alter the sensitivity of the immune system , so they can be referred to as what ? 
what was austpac 
for how long did huguenots continue to use french names ? 
what molecules of the adaptive immune system only exist in jawed vertebrates ? 
where do scientists think all of the plagues originated from ? 
what rate of unionization do scandinavian nations have ? 
how far from warsaw does the vistula river 's environment change noticeably ? 
what number did early greeks not regard as a true number ? 
what do closed rivers serve as after they close ? 
what is the name of the delta in the netherlands ? 
when was the ming dynasty in power ? 
who ruined roussel de bailleul 's plans for an independent state ? 
what leader of the swiss reformation was a student of lefevre ? 
what is one general concept that applies to elements of commutative rings ? 
what are some proposals to connect campuses ? 
who plotted the relationships between levels of income and inequality ? 
what can orthogonal forces be when there are three components with two at right angles to each other ? 
what theatre was the best example of `` polish monumental theatre '' ? 
by when did the germanic tribes conquer the celtic peoples ? 
who does the wage gap between genders provide an advantage ? 
how many different species of ctenohore are there ? 
what eponymous variation of arithmetic presents a decision problem not evidenced in p ? 
is fertilization internal or exeternal in most species ? 
what would create a conflict between a problem x and problem c within the context of reduction ? 
what was the proposed solution to jacksonville 's tax issues ? 
what are examples of differentiated effector cells that peak during wake periods ? 
trial division involves dividing n by every integer m greater than what ? 
where did the tran dynasty rule ? 
during which years was the plague present in islamic countries ? 
what are antimicrobial peptides that evolved as immune defense in eukaryotes called ? 
when the three types of rock are re-melted what is formed ? 
large predators of the amazon rainforest include the jaguar , cougar , and anaconda , what is one other example ? 
why was there a depreciation of the industrialized nations dollars ? 
which authority figure is designated to schedule and set the work of the eu ? 
what battle outside quebec city did british lose in 1760 ? 
what are the main sources of primary law ? 
what things did the network concentrate on 
what did tymnet connect 
residential construction can generate what is not carefully planned ? 
what is the most critical resource measured to in assessing the determination of a turing machine 's ability to solve any given set of problems ? 
who did bskyb team up with because it was not part of the consortium ? 
what is the fastest growing area in the pharmaceutical industry ? 
who moved his court from kraków to warsaw in 1596 ? 
what type of electric current is needed for electrolysis ? 
in which case did the court of justice state that refusal to admit a lawyer to the belgian bar because he did not have belgian heritage was n't able to be justified ? 
how many firms were existing in 2005 ? 
which french composer wrote ametrical music using prime numbers ? 
what are cestida called ? 
who was assigned to design a second master plan ? 
what bridge did the germans fail to demolish ? 
who gave a negative connotation to civil disobedience in recent history ? 
the ottoman empire controlled territory on three continents , africa , asia and which other ? 
what do increased greenhouse gases cause ? 
how are the votes weighted to ensure that smaller states are n't dominated by larger ones ? 
the prospect of what event compelled the protection of german private schools ? 
when did germany found their first settlement ? 
what does the riemann hypothesis state the source of irregularity in the distribution of points comes from ? 
which type of livestock was the argricultural region known for ? 
where did the song dynasty continue to cause problems for kublai ? 
what is the average construction salary in the middle east ? 
the uk and france had non interruptions in their oil supply as they did not allow which country to use their airfield ? 
what vote on a bill takes place in stage 3 ? 
since thoreau was not a well known writer what happened when he was arrested ? 
colonies were a sign of what amongst european countries ? 
how much of the rhine flow does ijssel carry ? 
agassiz 's approach to science combined observation and what ? 
who wrote `` walking in fresno ? '' 
aside from oxides , what other compounds comprise a large portion of the earth 's crust ? 
along with english and mathematics , what subject replaced values education for fourth year students ? 
state route 180 comes from which direction via mendota ? 
what is another name for any given measure of input associated with a problem ? 
where is bielany forest located ? 
contracts must be designed to ensure what ? 
what governing body appoints commissioners and the board of european central bank ? 
what device is used to test the magnetic attractions involved in liquid oxygen ? 
for a field f containing 0 and 1 , what would be the prime field ? 
zones in which mountains are built along convergent tectonic plate boundaries are called what ? 
what type of prime distribution is characterized about x/log x of numbers less than x ? 
where did harold ii die ? 
by when did most of france 's colonies gain independence ? 
what part of the earth is composed of mostly of silicates of iron and magnesium ? 
how many paid holiday days does the working time directive require workers to have each year ? 
what is the complex `` two-signal '' activation of t cells referred to ? 
the rhine gorge is between koblenz and what other city ? 
what reference is there to huguenot lacemakers in the 19th century ? 
what was dificult to reconcile the photoelectric effect and the missing ultraviolet catastrophe ? 
imperialism is most often associated with which sovereignty ? 
what is the name given to the district that is associated with the motion picture industry ? 
what german ruler invited huguenot immigration ? 
what answer denotes that an algorithm has accepted an input string ? 
what time did a river system develop in the upper rhine graben ? 
where is st aloysius ' college located ? 
what is warsaw 's symbol ? 
when was the british nationality act passed ? 
who issued the royal proclamation of 1763 ? 
the analysis of a specific algorithm is typically assigned to what field of computational science ? 
who makes formal appointment or dismissal decisions ? 
how long does it take to know the outcome of a division ? 
what document formed the parliament of victoria ? 
what did paul baran develop 
when did germanic tribes cross the rhine to migrate ? 
what are examples of clinical services that pharmacists can provide ? 
what does it mean for a knot to be considered indecomposable ? 
who was one french pro-reform roman catholic of the 15th century ? 
how far from state house in downtown boston is harvard yard ? 
how many museums are in warsaw ? 
what were x.25 and frame relay used for 
what is the only form kinetic energy can change into ? 
which country is not badly hit by the embargo ? 
what was the occupation of joseph priestley ? 
by what process is singlet oxygen made in the tropophere ? 
when did temur rule ? 
what is the typical working fluid in a steam engine ? 
what khitan leader defected to the mongols ? 
whose thesis states that the solution to a problem is solvable with reasonable resources assuming it allows for a polynomial time algorithm ? 
what complexity class is commonly characterized by unknown algorithms to enhance solvability ? 
where does the middle rhine flow between bingen and bonn ? 
what language is used in chinese secondary schools in malaysia ? 
when was there a armed protest at ballarat about mining taxes ? 
a satellite that measured the amount of dust going to the amazon was named what ? 
why did warsaw become the capital of the commonwealth ? 
complement proteins bind to what kind of molecules on the surface of microbes in order to elicit an immune response ? 
what is a criticism of online pharmacies that issue drugs without a prescription ? 
what includes pressure terms when calculating area in volume ? 
who gave her royal assent to the scotland act of 1998 ? 
how is unregistered property held in informal form ? 
european imperialism was focused on what ? 
what is the ability to recognize and adapt to new specific pathogens called ? 
when did denmark join the eu ? 
when was the european portion of the seven years war complete ? 
interest groups and government agencies that were concerned with energy were no match for who ? 
what is one example of what a clinical pharmacist 's duties entail ? 
what type of assistance to out of town students is the muslim brotherhood known for ? 
what type of treaty was the lisbon treaty ? 
who is the hero who killed a dragon on the drachenfels ? 
what did the taliban want to subject the entire country to ? 
when was virgin media rebranded from ntl telewest ? 
how many students does the university of chicago have enlisted ? 
why are coastal species tough ? 
what civilization was the first known to clearly study prime numbers ? 
what was the total number of homes sky announced that had sky+hd in march of 2012 ? 
how many coordinating lead authors does an ipcc report chapter have ? 
how many people lived in warsaw in 1939 ? 
when was the competence for the union to create criminal sentences for ecological crimes contested ? 
what did the nif try to unify islamist opposition against ? 
how many rows of combs are there ? 
how many french colonists were gained by british ? 
why did the exiled polish government in london order the underground home army to seize control of warsaw prior to the arrival of the red army ? 
what are the two major thoroughfares of sunnyside ? 
when did the university decide to start multimillion-dollar expansion projects ? 
when did prime minister wilson commit to some form of devolved legislature ? 
who did internet2 partner with 
what entity sparked the growth of fresno station ? 
which newspaper defined southern california ? 
other than the san diego metropolitan area , what other area are the communities along interstates 15 and 215 connected with ? 
which historic empire used cultural imperialism to sway local elites ? 
how fast were the winds around st. augustine in the 1964 hurricane ? 
the development of terra preta allowed for what to happen in the amazon forest ? 
what can faith groups ask the presiding officer to do for them ? 
in what year did roger rocka 's dinner theater & good company players open ? 
when did economists reach a conclusion with the s & p 's rating agency ? 
who was al-banna 's assassination a retaliation for the prior assassination of ? 
a function problem is an example of what ? 
why did warsaw gain the title of the `` phoenix city '' ? 
what is the average width of the rhine ? 
which type of climate may have allowed the rainforest to spread across the continent ? 
who first fully explained the origins of magnetic and electric fields ? 
what type of steam engine does n't need valves to direct steam ? 
who donated property to the university of chicago ? 
when was europe 's last major epidemic ? 
what did the network install in 1999 
what did robert koch prove was the cause of infectious disease ? 
what runs from the balancer in the statocyst to the comb rows ? 
what do current ctenophores have that fossils found did not have ? 
what was the memoir entitled which was submitted to the american philosophical society ? 
who helped pay for the university 's first building structure ? 
when was the french and indian war ? 
what kind of universities is the region famous for ? 
static friction balances what force when there is no movement of an object on a surface ? 
what chinese-style name did rinchinbal use ? 
what typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser ? 
what portion of bird species make up the world 's total live in the rainforest ? 
what does a country acquire as it develops ? 
what was the name of the first self-sustained man-made nuclear reaction ? 
if law breaking is not done in a public manor it is not considered what term ? 
what topic do private bills typically have ? 
what is an example of an article of uniform clothing typically present in australian private schools ? 
what stipend do students enrolled in priority courses receive ? 
where did water to the east of the amazon drainage basin flow towards ? 
who killed harold ii ? 
what evidence between and among complexity classes would signify a theoretical watershed for complexity theory ? 
who was a man studying medicinal applicants of plants in ancient greece ? 
how many crank rotations are there in an engine cycle ? 
what is the legislature of the european union comprised of ? 
what is the name of the scheme that provides tuition and fee assistance to students due to excess enrollment ? 
what is the current main judicial body of the eu ? 
what type of education is sometimes present at religious schools in addition to the secular curriculum ? 
what did the increase in skilled workers lead to ? 
who would have been the lowest-ranked class ? 
what would be needed to host a larger population ? 
what was isiah bowman nick name , as known by the public . 
outside of its use of automobiles , what else is southern california famous for using ? 
how much less steam did the corliss engine use compared to the watt engine ? 
who was in charge of the papal army in the war of barbastro ? 
which direction does two thirds of the rhine flow outside of germany ? 
how many residents were recorded in the 2010 census of jacksonville ? 
how do ctenophores control buoyancy ? 
what is the confusion of the french and indian war ? 
how many representatives does each electorate have ? 
in which case did the court state that austria was not allowed to hold places in austrian schools exclusively for austrian students ? 
what archdiocese is warsaw the seat of ? 
us is concerned about confrontation of the middle east with which other country ? 
who represents the scottish parliament at home and abroad in an official capacity ? 
how many factors of health and social problems did wilkinson and pickett identify ? 
what type of immune cells help to destroy abnormal cells in tumors ? 
when was this proclamation issued ? 
what do high levels of inequality prevent beyond economic prosperity ? 
what period opened the tethys ocean ? 
what subtle tool can be used in an informal imperialistic situation to expand a controlled area ? 
what is the minimum distance between a patient 's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician to give out medication ? 
when did pachauri resign as chair of the ipcc ? 
d'olier street is named after whom ? 
what makes the wells fargo center stand out ? 
what did john mayow name the part of air that caused combustion ? 
in what year did harvard win an intercolleiate sailing association national championship ? 
when was he elected by nixon ? 
who is the parent company of nds ? 
how many miners died in the typhoid outbreak of 1854 ? 
what was the pinedale assembly center ? 
what types of scientists looks for signs of magnetic reversals in igneous rocks within the drill cores ? 
rock units become thicker and shorten when placed under this type of compression . 
what geometric shape is used in equations to determine net force ? 
when did khan formally declare the yuan dynasty ? 
in what english colony were huguenot settlers promised land ? 
how much resources were french placing in north america ? 
what political party is strongest in melbourne 's working class suburbs ? 
what religion 's schools were integrated into new zealand public schools between 1979 and 1984 ? 
revolutionary civil disobedience towards culture is highlighted by example of who ? 
antibodies transported from the mother to an infant via the placenta is an example of what type of short-lived immunity ? 
tribal members living in the rainforests of what region are using google earth ? 
construction takes place on location for who ? 
what researcher first used the word oxygen ? 
of warsaw 's inhabitants in 1901 , what percentage was catholic ? 
what principle relates to the formation of faults and the age of the sequences through which they cut ? 
what did gasquet 's book blame the plague on ? 
which group has young that are born with no tentacles and a large mouth ? 
how much oxygen is found is a liter of fresh water under normal conditions ? 
in what year did harvard end its early admission program ? 
in modern times , what is said about civil disobedience ? 
what is the usual source of heat for boiling water in the steam engine ? 
whatare the electrostatic and magnetic force awritten as the sum of ? 
are there any other aviation communities such as sierra sky park in the united states ? 
what minimalist composer is also a university graduate ? 
what type of ballot is used to elect the presiding officer and deputies of the parliament ? 
what book of the bible discusses civil disobedience ? 
what dynasty came before the yuan ? 
where did the monks flee to ? 
how much larger would cicada predator populations be if cicada outbreaks occurred at 14 and 15 year intervals ? 
what are the secretions commonly called ? 
when did ronald robinson die ? 
what does the marginal value added by an economic actor determine ? 
who discussed twigg 's study in 2002 ? 
what other northern european cities had huguenot congregations ? 
what is a major importance of southern california in relation to california and the united states ? 
this person proposed explanations for the origins of earthquakes and the formation of mountains , what was his name ? 
the complexity of problems often depends on what ? 
what state constitutional amendments make reference to the government funding religious schools ? 
how many interactions are all of the universal forces based on ? 
what does the fogg museum of art cover ? 
how did the black death make it to the mediterranean and europe ? 
what makes the tentilla of euplokamis different from other cysippids ? 
what was apple talk 
common sense realism of what scottish philosophers did agassiz incorporate in his dual view of knowedge ? 
how much did silas b. cobb pledge to the university ? 
what english chemist showed that fire only needed nitoaereus ? 
what was a major success , especially in rebuilding warsaw ? 
on what type of exponentiation does the diffie–hellman key exchange depend on ? 
what flows between the bingen and bonn ? 
what did the benefits agency think sports channels on a tv bill meant ? 
in which case did the court of justice hold that requiring italian lawyers to comply with maximum tariffs unless there was an agreement with a client was not a restriction ? 
how many bskyb channels were available to customers prior to october 2005 ? 
in a market economy , what is inequality a reflection of ? 
about what weather feature do paleoclimatologists want information ? 
what body in india provides policy directions to schools ? 
harvard - yale regatta predates `` the game '' by how many years ? 
what modern company has been notably working on a steam engine using modern materials ? 
what is the un 's climate change treaty ? 
what is the proto-germanic adaptation of the name of the rhine ? 
was was the plan for langlades mission ? 
the loss of biodiversity may be the result of what , according to environmentalists ? 
where is harvard stadium located ? 
what does the w and z boson exchange create ? 
how many victorians are catholic ? 
what characteristic in recent years has been strongly tied with health in developed countries ? 
what is the term of office for each house member ? 
who established the confederation of the rhine ? 
there are other categories for what ? 
when was the st. bartholomew 's day massacre ? 
what revolutionary war midnight rider was a huguenot descendant ? 
in which region tribe were large settlements discovered ? 
how much victorian farmland is farmed in grains ? 
at what angle were the groups of pistons set in relation to one another in a 4-cylinder compound ? 
what term do islamists think should be applied to them ? 
when imperialism impacts social norms of a state , what is it called ? 
what is the city centre of warsaw called in polish ? 
some elements of the brotherhood directed what action against the government ? 
which religion did kublai prefer ? 
who operated the vbsn network 
in what process is singlet oxygen usually formed ? 
what magnetic and electric force acts on a charge ? 
the owner typically awards a contract to who ? 
orange , san diego , riverside and san bernardino make up four of the five counties . what is the name of the last county ? 
what sate are things inside of a moving vehicle as seen by a person inside the vehicle ? 
how many people lived in fresno in 2000 , according to the census bureau ? 
what is the estimated death toll for polish civilians ? 
what has caused oxfam 's findings to be questioned ? 
where did american troops remain stationed after saddam 's defeat ? 
ip and am are most commonly defined by what type of proof system ? 
what generally does not allow citizens to sue other citizens ? 
who was the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences ? 
when are inequalities in wealth justified , according to john rawls ? 
when was there an attempt to reform the law of the eu ? 
whose work corrected aristotle 's physics in the seventeenth century ? 
what percentage of new zealand students attended private schools in april 2014 ? 
how do members vote when there is a division ? 
who fought in the great northern war ? 
what was ban ki-moon the secretary general of ? 
who does the presiding officer submit the final bill to ? 
who made experimental measurements on a model steam engine ? 
how many households had bskyb service in 1994 ? 
in what process is the uptake from oxygen necessary ? 
what insight of galileo was associated with constant velocity ? 
what does warsaw 's mixture of architectural styles reflect ? 
when did they raise the price of oil to $ 5.11 ? 
at what rank does gps per capita set victoria ? 
who did gegeen appoint as grand chancellor ? 
what did the court of justice say steymann was entitled to ? 
why were the uighurs ranked higher by the mongols ? 
what is thought to have happened to the y. pestis that caused the black death ? 
when did the yuan begin using bronze printing plates for its money ? 
according to ellen churchill semple what type of climate was necessary for humans to become fully human ? 
what is the name of the region that is not defined by the eight or 10 county definitions ? 
what physical quantities do not have direction ? 
when did ribault first establish a settlement in south carolina ? 
what governor in charge of new france died in 1752 ? 
to force japan to be more involved in the crisis , what did saudi and kuwaiti government do ? 
the majority of building construction jobs are what ? 
electrolysis of what can be used to produce oxygen and hydrogen ? 
what english law made that country more welcoming to huguenots ? 
when do juvenile develop into adults ? 
lake constance separates the german state bavaria from what other one ? 
how many quadrangles does the main quadrangles have ? 
who elects the members of the european parliament ? 
what was the name of the first successful credit card ? 
a specific algorithm demonstrating t ( n ) represents what measure of time complexity ? 
what is one result of civil rebellion ? 
where was the feb 2010 call for change published ? 
when did victoria enact its constitution ? 
what criticism in ny times article that impacts the quality of education at harvard ? 
what happened as a result of the russo-japanese war ? 
what is a fundamentalist interpretation of islam called ? 
what does pumping water into the mesoglea do ? 
how much is terra preta distributed over the amazon forest ? 
which countries were the european coal and steel community agreement between ? 
what did germanic tribes establish with help from the rhine ? 
what delimits the delta of the rhine in the east ? 
when did tugh temur found his academy ? 
what theorem was implicated by manuel blum 's axioms ? 
after the oligocene period , under what period did the amazon rainforest begin to expand ? 
who is elected to serve as the presiding officer at the beginning of each parliamentary session ? 
who is to blame for acting unjustly ? 
under which courts is most eu law applied ? 
what is another country that permits physicians to give out drugs from within their practice ? 
what was the seat of former party leader david mcletchie ? 
the smaller streams are used for what ? 
how many people per square mile lived in fresno in 2010 ? 
what kind of committee considered legislation on the development of the edinburgh tram network ? 
who besides the russians are often left out of the colonialism debat ? 
what was fresno 's population in 2010 ? 
how else might a physician take advantage of self-interest ? 
why were southern chinese ranked lower ? 
in the capabilities approach , grow and income are considered a means to an end rather than what ? 
who did the attacks resonate most with ? 
what type of treatment do civil disobedients usually receive ? 
policies which reduce the inequality associated effects of unemployment support what type of growth ? 
what was the percentage of non-hispanic whites in 2010 ? 
what british mathematician took pride in doing work that he felt had no military benefit ? 
what is the name of the basin that was created from a enclosed lake ? 
what is the bond order of dioxygen molecules ? 
in 1500 ad how many people were believed to have lived in the amazon region ? 
who explored ohio territory in 1750 ? 
what is the citation for the pierce v. society of sisters case ? 
classifying the stages of what is important to mapping aspects of the amazon ? 
decision tree is an example of what type of measure ? 
how many us presidents are alumni of the school ? 
in which direction does the west side of fresno neighborhood lie to the 99 freeway ? 
what chemical did priestley use in his experiments on oxygen ? 
how many total judges are there in the eu ? 
how was the ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi introduced into the black sea and the sea of azov ? 
which country does the rhine encounter it 's main tributaries ? 
what did the mongol elites wish buyantu did n't do ? 
when was isiah bowman appointed to president wilson 's inquiry ? 
what other catalysts can be used to produce oxygen ? 
when was this naturalization act passed ? 
what type of vote must the council pass in order to approve of any changes recommended by parliament ? 
activation of a helper t cell causes it to release what chemicals that influence cell activity ? 
where might committees meet outside of parliament ? 
what are two anti-inflammatory molecules that peak during awake hours ? 
what do the auricles do ? 
what character in the play portrays civil disobedience ? 
complexity classes are generally classified into what ? 
large public works , dams , bridges , highways , water/wastewater and utility distribution are under what construction sector ? 
what major crop was brought to china from the west ? 
peroxides , nitrates and dichromates are examples of what type of compounds ? 
bacteria often secrete what kind of proteins to ingest a physical barrier ? 
where does a canonball dropped from the crow 's nest of a ship actually land ? 
what was the first year that yale and harvard played football ? 
when did edward return ? 
where does the cold water mix with lake constance ? 
who oversees a pharmacy technician in the uk ? 
what type of plea is sometimes taken as an act of disobedience ? 
how sure did the statement say scientists were that temperatures would keep rising ? 
the southern part of the amazon forest was mainly impacted by drought in what year ? 
when did the jin dynasty begin ? 
what did the dutch health authorities regard as unnecessary in geraets-smits v stichting ziekenfonds ? 
which region invented the machine gun ? 
where was friedrich ratzel born ? 
what is one work by olivier messiaen ? 
what field of computer science is primarily concerned with determining the likelihood of whether or not a problem can ultimately be solved using algorithms ? 
how are eggs and sperm released ? 
who argues that the government redistributes wealth by force ? 
what was warsaw 's first literary cabaret ? 
what dynasty did zhang rhou help attack ? 
who besides woodrow wilson himself had the idea for the inquiry ? 
what two areas in the republic were first to grant rights to the huguenots ? 
who had no real military power during the yuan ? 
southern california is second to which island in terms of famous serf breaks ? 
what portion of berlin 's population spoke french by 1700 ? 
roughly how much is the student government 's budget ? 
which end of the saxon garden is the tom of the unknown soldier located at ? 
what was the name of theodore roosevelt ’ s policy of imperialism ? 
what was one proposal to let the ipcc respond to new evidence faster ? 
what is the effect of beta decay ? 
who published the state of the planet 2008-2009 report ? 
why do people chose civil disobedience to protest ? 
what goldman sachs ceo is also an alumni of the university of chicago ? 
what do redistribution mechanisms lead to ? 
where was the rhine regulated with an upper canal ? 
what river does warsaw straddle ? 
what is the eukaryotic parasite responsible for malaria known as ? 
when was montreal captured ? 
rather than the fuel , what is oxygen to a fire ? 
in the year 2000 how many square kilometres of the amazon forest had been lost ? 
what prompted shen kuo to believe the land was formed by erosion of the mountains ? 
what type of person can not be attributed civil disobedience ? 
who was ayurbarwada 's son ? 
which two courts apply european union law ? 
what did did article 34 discriminate against in procureur du roi v dassonville ? 
rudyard kipling was an influential spokesman for what ? 
inspired by shelley what was the name of gandhi 's doctrine ? 
what is the approximate condenser temperature in a turbine ? 
scholars stated that there was already an existing settlement between 2 parties prior to which date ? 
why is it difficult to resolve disagreements about the changes in the amazon rainforest ? 
what lab does the university have a joint stake in ? 
what is the vast disparities in wealth attributed to by socialists ? 
which group keep the eggs are fertilized and kept inside the parent 's body until they hatch ? 
what were european countries doing during the 1700 's ? 
is the packet header long 
during what time period did income inequality decrease in the united states ? 
what is the term used to identify a deterministic turing machine that has additional random bits ? 
what is an example of an enzyme that can transform skin cells into tumors when expressed at high levels ? 
who is seen as the ultimate climate change authority ? 
what institute did the university announced to everyone in 2008 ? 
where was shirley planning an expedition ? 
william would eventually gain what throne ? 
who was appointed as the replacement for duke yansheng kong duanyou ? 
when was the joint statement on climate change issued ? 
what is the clarity of liquid oxygen ? 
what us war has a large amount of civil disobedients ? 
what did higher material living standards lead to for most of human history ? 
how many lines run out of downtown los angeles ? 
when did gou 's calendar become the official calendar of the yuan ? 
what has a classification system for construction companies ? 
a multi-tape turing machine requires what type of time for a solution ? 
when is the earliest britain had an imperialist policy ? 
where is the so-called rhine knee ? 
in what year did dewar experiment on liquid oxygen ? 
how did the new king react to the huguenots ? 
los angeles is in the lower part of what ? 
besides the analytic property of numbers , what other property of numbers does number theory focus on ? 
what is the name of harvard 's basketball facility ? 
in what year did developers billings & meyering acquire the alta vista tract ? 
what did maududi believe muslim society could not be islamic in the absence of ? 
in what decade was seafloor spreading discovered ? 
what is the process of vaccination also known as ? 
how was the efficiency of a steam engine typically evaluated ? 
because speakers are drawn from across scotland , what do the represent the balance of ? 
what do weak labor movement correlate with ? 
which entities were originally concerned with preventing violation of human rights ? 
where can a tribute to the fall of warsaw be found ? 
what is the total make up of fish species living in the amazon ? 
what famous author used similarity and likeness of percy shelly in his writing ? 
who claims that public companies can also be part of civil disobedience ? 
who was margaret 's husband ? 
where did this pro-reform leader teach ? 
a language solved in quadratic time implies the use of what type of turing machine ? 
what future revolutionary key figures participated in this attack ? 
how many tons of carbon are absorbed the amazon in a typical year ? 
highways built in the amazon rainforest were built primarily for what kind of farmers ? 
along with the congregation of christian brothers , what is a notable religious group that runs fee-paying schools in ireland ? 
older people get less sun and produce less of what chemical via uvb radiation ? 
what do conquering people pass down to native populations ? 
in what kind of fluid are pressure differences caused by direction of forces over gradients ? 
in what month is the university 's scavenger hunt ? 
who is the sole governing authority capable of initiating legislative proposals ? 
in what year did fresno get its first pedestrian mall ? 
in a type iii secretion system , proteins are transported to the host cell in order to do what ? 
where did the huguenots land in new york originally ? 
what is one common example of a critical complexity measure ? 
what type of insect employs the use of prime numbers in its evolutionary strategy ? 
as of february 2011 , how many numbers has goldbach 's conjecture been proven to ? 
when was the current parliament of scotland convened ? 
after what battle did union forces return to and occupy jacksonville for the rest of the war ? 
where does the pattern of higher income-longer lives still hold true ? 
why the narrow part of st. john 's river called cowford ? 
in what year did the amazon experience a drought that may have been more extreme than in 2005 ? 
in a progressive tax , what increases as the taxable base amount increases ? 
along with sport and art , what is a type of talent scholarship ? 
what name was given to the western half of the colony ? 
who described kublai 's china to europe ? 
which country today is a remnant of the ottoman empire ? 
what type of venue is the teatr wielki ? 
who claimed that the name black death first appeared in 1631 ? 
what did the analysis from the sediment deposits indicate ? 
what is a complex net of contracts and other legal obligations ? 
which countries became dependent on us 's security assurance to threats ? 
who is viewed as the first modern geologist ? 
who developed the actinide concept ? 
the hardest problems in np can be analogously written as what class of problems ? 
who led the science and environmental policy project ? 
what political response was convening in june/july 1754 ? 
according to a 1955 review , what were savings by the wealthy thought to offset ? 
what is the smallest geographical region discussed ? 
what declaration predicated the emigration of huguenot refugees ? 
what sorts of items are displayed in the esteve pharmacy museum ? 
what is the name of the movement that seeks renewed use of steam power in the modern era ? 
when less workers are required , what happens to the job market ? 
what path does a ball thrown up and down in a moving vehicle take when seen by an outside observer ? 
what was the source of the mistake ? 
what other reason caused poor supply of new france from a difficult winter ? 
what language is used in chinese primary schools in malaysia ? 
what , rather than islamism , requires explanation ? 
what southern city did the huguenots settle near ? 
what was the name given to a section of kearney boulevard in efforts to change the areas image ? 
what organization arranged to founding of school ? 
what will the output be for a member of the language of a decision problem ? 
when was the color crimson adopted at harvard as official color ? 
what does the transport and storage demand for safety in dealing with oxygen ? 
what hypothesis is associated with the complexity class of p viewed as a mathematical abstraction with efficient algorithmic functionality ? 
when did costa v enel take place ? 
who founded telnet 
the hawaiian islands are made up almost entirely of what ? 
how can you protest against big companies in a non violent way ? 
what objects in organisms absorb singlet oxygen to prevent harm ? 
what is the famous rock called that the rhine flows around ? 
what weapons were the zulus using during the anglo-zulu war of 1879 ? 
what city , along with hamilton , wellington and christchurch , is one of the largest in new zealand ? 
why are people who distribute leaflets inside courthouses not been arrested ? 
which languages used the phags-pa script ? 
what is one issue that adds to the complexity of a pharmacist 's job ? 
which two treaties provided more formal institutions of the european union ? 
what is the united states busiest commercial port ? 
on what lake did troops attack fort willima henry in winter ? 
what increases entrepreneurship rates at the individual level ? 
how many divisions make up the academics of the university ? 
what is included in medication therapy management ? 
what town is surrounded by jacksonville ? 
who thought the world could be split into climatic zones ? 
how long is the rhine ? 
why are ctenophores extremely rare as fossils ? 
during which period did jacksonville become a popular destination for the rich ? 
what is key to getting the skills needed for high demand jobs ? 
what schools do preparatory schools prepare british children to attend ? 
what is being described when simplicity of geometrical forms are teamed with inspiration from the roman period ? 
how much capital did uk law require to start a company ? 
any number larger than 1 can be represented as a product of what ? 
what are some supplementary sources of european union law ? 
what goal do many of these protests have ? 
how many huguenots emigrated to north america as colonists ? 
starting in what year has harvard topped the academic rankings of world universities ? 
which two compounds did al-muwaffaq differentiate between ? 
when did buyantu resume testing potential government employees ? 
what is the name of the supposition that any number larger than 2 can be represented as the sum of two primes ? 
what is the only divisor besides 1 that a prime number can have ? 
what drove increased rental prices in east new york ? 
what is used to calculate cross section area in the volume of an object ? 
who was the opposing party in the runyon case ? 
how many geomorphologic formations is warsaw on ? 
upon learning of a french scounting party in the area , what did washington do ? 
according to reduction , if x and y can be solved by the same algorithm then x performs what function in relationship to y ? 
to what extent did fermat confirm the validity of fermat numbers ? 
during what decade did the campus start to look more modern ? 
there 's a unesco world heritage site in the rhine gorge between the koblenz and what ? 
what did gou use for astronomy ? 
halford mackinder and friedrich ratzel where what kind of geographers ? 
who made the first to measure value of the newton universal gravitation constant ? 
name one country that banned boating , driving and flying on sundays . 
what are incompetent government 's commitment to social justice limited to ? 
how many tree species were found in one square kilometer of ecuadorian rainforest in 2001 ? 
who was appointed as second in command to lor loudoun in 1756 ? 
in what century did mayow and boyle perform their experiments ? 
in what year did student decide to occupy the president 's office ? 
why does unemployment harm growth ? 
while producing oxygen , what gas does a zeolite sieve absorb ? 
which company did mrs foster work for ? 
what does the pleurobrachia have on opposite sides of its body ? 
in what year did jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont patent a water pump for draining mines ? 
what type of numbers are always multiples of 2 ? 
what church in virginia is maintained by huguenots as a historic shrine ? 
what might the fees to attend an irish boarding school rise to ? 
other than t cells , what other immune cells express cyp27b1 ? 
what was used by the west to justify control over eastern territories ? 
where does the amazon region rate among the entire earth for its amount of biodiversity ? 
what country has the most illiterate adults in the world ? 
how many events occur in an engine cycle ? 
how many original treaties establishing the eu protected fundamental rights ? 
what is a term that means constant temperature ? 
who developed the same technology as baran 
what does the plos pathogen paper claim ? 
what is the rhine gorge listed as ? 
what is thomas b. edsall 's profession ? 
what is an example of an immunosuppressive drug that prevents t cell activity by altering signal transduction pathways ? 
what conjecture holds that there are always a minimum of 4 primes between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2 ? 
why are researchers struggling to identify the history of the plague ? 
what happened with the rate of flow in the rhine with the straightening program ? 
what does the ruhr provide to it 's community ? 
what type of radar was used to classify trees into four categories ? 
what was tymnet 
who owns more wealth than the bottom 90 percent of people in the u.s. ? 
what happened to the building on george iv bridge when the parliament was done with it ? 
what city in victoria is called the sporting capital of australia ? 
combustion is caused by an oxidant and a fuel . what role does oxygen play in combustion ? 
the idea of acquired immunity in jawed vertebrates is the basis of what medical treatment ? 
what did the use of steam engines in farming lead to ? 
if one computer model turns out correct , by what year would there be a nearly complete loss of rainforest in the amazon basin ? 
what campaign did the communist regime initiate after wwii ? 
what place had the norman arab architectural style ? 
which border does the megaregion extend over ? 
what is the almannic dialect to describe the islands outside in austria ? 
what compiles and reports on data about the size of design and construction companies ? 
what did stiglitz present in 2009 regarding global inequality ? 
what drives down wages in a job with many workers willing to work a lot ? 
what kingdom annexed warsaw in 1796 ? 
according to the aaa , what is the percentage of the gas stations that ran out of gasoline ? 
what is the alpine valley that the rhine flows through ? 
what conditions must be met for a prescription for a controlled substance to be valid ? 
what fields may pharmacy informatics also work in ? 
when did the origins of magnetic and electric fields occur ? 
what does the eu 's legitimacy rest on ? 
how many scientists called to change the ipcc in feb 2010 ? 
what was thoreau 's punishment for not paying his taxes ? 
why did the shah of iran gave an interview ? 
what is another term for the string of a problem instance ? 
most imperialism was carried out using which method of transport ? 
what did itv increase their yearly offer for control of the rights to broadcast the primer league to ? 
what types of diseases are specialty drugs often used against ? 
what skin-related symptom appears from the pneumonic plague ? 
in what direction does the mountain system extend ? 
which count did the prince strike an arrangement with ? 
how many were killed by plague in italy in the 17th century ? 
which organization released a california earthquake forecast ? 
where did these uprisings take place ? 
what is the name of sky q 's broadband router ? 
who develped the theory of relativity ? 
what is internet2 
how much of paris ' population was killed by the plague ? 
what is expected with the continuous input of sediment into the dornbirner ach ? 
sleep hormones shift the cytokine balance to which cytokine ? 
how many campuses does the california state university have ? 
how did the unequal treatment of chinese versus mongols in the yuan make the dynasty seem ? 
how much of victoria 's farmland grows hay ? 
what did guo shoujing do for calendars ? 
what space-time path is seen as a curved line in space ? 
where are jersey and guernsey 
what is the typical annual cost for an irish private school ? 
how much damage does breathing oxygen in space conditions cause ? 
when did the earliest examples of civil disobedience as a whole occur ? 
what is the largest city the rhine runs through ? 
what does warsaw host many of ? 
in private schools , what language are classes taught in ? 
where did marin build first fort ? 
what happens to the working fluid in a closed loop system ? 
what led to newcastle 's fall from power as military advisor ? 
how much british military was in north america at start of war ? 
what is one of the supplementary sources of european union law ? 
in which year did a toxic waste spill from a european ship prompt the commission to look into legislation against waste ? 
what group of people can not be part of civil disobedience ? 
what is the universal band that digital recievers will receive free to air channels on ? 
in 1972 , did norway end up joining the european union ? 
when did the rhine become borders with francia ? 
what does the water flow of the rhine merge with after flowing through merwede ? 
what is the first major bend in the rhine called ? 
what is the victoria state bird ? 
what philosophies underlay chinese medicine ? 
what is a term for schools that receive government assistance ? 
how do platyctenids reproduce ? 
where is the border of swiss and austria ? 
in addition to english , what language is also often taught in nepalese private schools ? 
what kind of amino acids are overrepresented in epitope regions ? 
in what month and year was the revised manual of regulations for private schools released ? 
where do the branches waal and nederrijn-lek discharge to ? 
what rank for most populous city in the european union does warsaw hold ? 
what is another general concept that applies to elements of commutative rings ? 
when do treaties apply ? 
what is an example of a mechanical barrier on leaves ? 
why do some people purposely resist officers of the law ? 
where did the rhine occupy during the holocene ? 
what type of actions are taken sometimes in civil disobedience ? 
when was the drainage basin of the amazon believed to have split in the middle of south america ? 
were the centers profitable 
what was warsaw the most diverse of in poland ? 
what conservative international relations scholar is also a university alumni ? 
what is the system by which prokaryotes retain phage gene fragments that they have previously come in contact with ? 
why did british operation fail in 1755 , 56 , 57 ? 
the point at which different radiometric isotopes stop diffusing into and out of the crystal lattice is called what ? 
concrete bounding of computation time frequently produces complexity classes contingent upon what ? 
what can concentrated oxygen produce ? 
what does the u.s. economic and social model have substantial levels of ? 
what way do some people perform civil disobedience in a constructive way ? 
what is the most important problem in the united states and elsewhere ? 
when did khan establish the great yuan ? 
what is the name of the cbs affiliate in fresno ? 
what profession does simon kuznets have ? 
how did scientists assess the dna/rna of yersinia pestis ? 
what type of prime distribution does the riemann hypothesis propose is also true for short intervals near x ? 
what percentage of the vote for a scottish assembly in favor of it ? 
during what time did civilization in the amazon was flourishing when orellana made his observations ? 
what culture 's arrival in scotland is know as the `` davidian revolution '' ? 
in between french and british , what groups controlled land ? 
along with electric motors , what power sources overtook steam engines in the 20th century ? 
what put a hierarchical structure in place ? 
how many rival princes were involved in assassinating gegeen ? 
what book was iqbal 's seven english lectures published as ? 
what encouraged trade under the yuan ? 
in what year did massachusetts first require children to be educated in schools ? 
which problem consists of both inflationary and deflationary impacts ? 
what is the scottish parliament currently in the fourth of ? 
what was warsaw ranked the 7th greatest of ? 
in which case were french vigilantes sabotaging shipments of spanish strawberries ? 
with what body must a pharmacy technician register ? 
going to jail accomplished what goal of civil disobedience ? 
who specifically does ht target to change the opinion of ? 
what is the name of the third , permanent huguenot church in new rochelle ? 
what can curtail the risk of occupational injuries in the construction industry ? 
what can it sometimes take up to 14 years to get permission to build on ? 
how many inhabitants did betty meggers believe could occupy each square kilometre of the amazon ? 
who was richard 's fiancee ? 
what increased in the rhine because of the land clearance in the upland areas ? 
ministers of what faith were trained by the university in early years ? 
what did the result of the snp majority allow a referendum be held on ? 
whose goals often still oppose the ipcc ? 
why might the temperature affect the theory of plague spreading ? 
in what group of compounds is oxygen a necessary part ? 
what measurement do scientists used to determine the quality of water ? 
what is one factor that increases the importance of the pharmacy performing at a high level ? 
what problems did the yuan dynasty have near its end ? 
how long did it take to improve on sir isaac newton 's laws of motion ? 
how many pieces of legislation has the social charter become the basis for ? 
other than l.a. which other county do many people commute to ? 
how many total volumes are in the harvard library system ? 
ctenophora are less complex than which other phylum ? 
what did mote think the yuan class system really represented ? 
after 1945 , what challenged the french empire ? 
what are those with lower incomes often unable to manage ? 
in the layered model of the earth there are seismic discontinuities in which layer ? 
what museum preserves the memory of the crime ? 
what does 'pax mongolica ' mean ? 
what makes energy changes in a closed system ? 
what other locations can the booth school of business be found ? 
when did embankment of the major rhine distributaries take palce ? 
what inventor built on to the findings of philo of byzantium ? 
what does a 2013 report on nigeria suggest it 's growth has done ? 
what is the principle that states that with sedimentary rocks , inclusions must be older than the formation that contains them ? 
what car is licensed by the fso car factory and built in egypt ? 
what does the museum of the polish army portray the history of ? 
what words are inscribed on the mace of parliament ? 
what did artur oppman give to the world ? 
what was suggested at the symposium in 1967 
in order to better understand the orientations of faults and folds , structural geologists do what with measurements of geological structures ? 
what has allowed for the savanna region to expand into the tropics ? 
how long did western europe control cyprus ? 
what do you get when you figure the sum of forces with vector addition ? 
what time of day did these reformed supposedly gather to engage in huguenot rituals ? 
who founded the office of western medicine ? 
other than surf , what other culture is southern california home to ? 
what could the supplemental nutrition assistance program purchase ? 
who was the first chair of the ipcc ? 
on what date was the record low temperature in fresno ? 
the success of pathogens is predicated on their ability to do what ? 
what group of scientists seek to measure the amounts of oxygen in marine animals ? 
in the range between 1980 and 1990 , what did demand for grow ? 
in which case did a german man claim the right to live in netherlands where he was a volunteer plumber ? 
who was made rich and prosperous prior to world war 1 
what was the uk governments benefits agenchy checking in 2012 ? 
which company owns abc ? 
what is the level of inequality in underdeveloped countries ? 
what type of steam engines produced most power up to the early 20th century ? 
where did old briton call home ? 
what is a chemical secreted by tumors that suppresses the immune response ? 
what is the name of the state that the megaregion expands to in the east ? 
what is one of the largest music schools in europe ? 
what is a mechanism that can help plants block virus replication ? 
when did internet pharmacies begin to come into being ? 
how many square miles large was the region impacted by the 2010 drought ? 
in which year did the newspaper change its previous definition ? 
what does a high tide risk near lands ? 
in what year of 20th century , did harvard release an important document about education in america ? 
what was one of the norman 's major exports ? 
what law justified british imperialism ? 
what is needed to pack electrons densely together ? 
what does the lobata have pair of ? 
who did the mongols bring to china as administrators ? 
why has warsaw seen many improvements over the past decade ? 
what type of reaction is present in the emergency oxygen generator of an airplane ? 
what term is shorthand for antibody generators ? 
in what year did warszowa become the official capital of the masovian duchy ? 
what island does the cold water flow of the rhine and lake constance flow to ? 
constructing a project that fails to adhere to codes does not benefit whom ? 
when was otto von bismarck born ? 
in the encoding of mathematical objects , what is the way in which integers are commonly expressed ? 
which famous indian took a plea and put himself at the mercy of the courts ? 
by which year did the american cars mpg start to improve ? 
what does the ciliary rosettes do to decease bulk and increase density ? 
how high is the highest point in warsaw ? 
what is the mortality rate of pneumonic plague ? 
what egyptologist was also apart of the university 's faculty ? 
what are the two processing facilities in the neighborhood ? 
by what name is that first huguenot church known today ? 
what is the term when middle income earners aspire to obtain the same standards of living as people wealthier than themselves ? 
who wrote the poem the mark of anarchy ? 
what nuclear forces only act at short distances ? 
what is the united states at risk for because of the recession of 2008 ? 
the mountain ranges tail off into what kind of geographical formation ? 
what form of poetry was developed in the yuan ? 
what part do events in victoria 's economy play ? 
where was the charles porter steam engine indicator shown ? 
what do cydippids use to capture their prey ? 
what is a statocyst ? 
what profession does zbigniew badowski have ? 
why is the second timeline needed ? 
what are free-to-air encrypted broadcasts known as ? 
mohammad iqbal was what type of father to the state of pakistan ? 
what denomination is associated with saint kentigern college ? 
what did frozen subsoil and expanded alpine glaciers begin to do ? 
what event was the worst example of huguenot persecution ? 
what is the annual construction industry revenue in 2014 ? 
in addition to watt , boulton and smeaton , whose engine was an atmosphere design ? 
in which continent besides asia were major gains made by the british empire in the late 19th century ? 
in the 1980s what was the population of the amazon region ? 
what is the name of the desert near the border of nevada ? 
what is the oxygen partial pressure of space suits ? 
according to certain geographical theories what type of human does a tropical climate produce ? 
compounding was not popular in the construction of what machines ? 
when did zhu shijie die ? 
how are the explanations supported ? 
in what year was the university 's 5th president granted his position ? 
where is the first man-made self-sustaining nuclear reaction located ? 
what has become the secret to economic growth ? 
jellyfish and sea anemones belong to which group/ 
for each of the 28 member states , how many commissioner 's are represented for each one ? 
when was rem sleep discovered ? 
how many general principles does the social charter declare ? 
what was the ratio of british settler to french ? 
who patented a high-pressure compound engine in 1805 ? 
what engines were used throughout most of the 20th century to propel ships ? 
where is the rhine ? 
what did the fossils found in the burgess shale lack ? 
what career does joseph stiglitz have ? 
who said that writing a good description of civil disobedience is hard ? 
what has partical physics made to describe sub-atomic forces ? 
where are the harvard medical , dental and school of public health located ? 
what three things are needed for construction to take place ? 
how populous is victoria compared to other australian states ? 
who came up with the concept that falling objects fell at the same speed regardless of weight ? 
who received the first steam engine patent ? 
what did n't newton 's mechanics affext ? 
what goal does islamism have when it comes to society and government ? 
why might customers order from internet pharmacies ? 
when was al-nimeiry overthrown ? 
what does article 102 of the treaty of lisbon prohibit ? 
what contributed to the decreased inequality between trained and untrained workers ? 
what issues may prevent women from working outside the home or receiving education ? 
why was the rhine measurement changed ? 
how many avulsions have occurred in the past 6000 yeas ? 
what happens to the norm when a number is multiplied by p ? 
what is the name of the american writer and satirist who is also a university alumni ? 
what is an example of a rotary engine without pistons ? 
what was marin 's orders ? 
who lives no longer on average than greeks and new zealanders ? 
who developed the lithium-ion battery ? 
what was the principle shown in the mark of anarchy ? 
what happens after the lead melts ? 
which successor to henry resumed persecution of the huguenots ? 
who did the dutch fight in the dutch revolt ? 
when had the brotherhood renounced violence as a means of achieving its goals ? 
what party had a victory in the 2015 uk election ? 
how long has the concept of legal certainty been recognized as one of the general principles by the eu law ? 
how many elements did aristotle believe the terrestrial sphere to be made up of ? 
what was the one linear hd channel virgin media carried from november 2006 to july 2009 ? 
what is a simple form of civil disobedience ? 
along with mills and mines , in what industrial locations did steam drive machines ? 
what 's the party 's take on muslim history ? 
what does pharmacy legislation mandate ? 
how many branches does the rhine branch into ? 
in newton 's second law , what are the units of mass and force in relation to microscales ? 
how many outputs are expected for each input in a function problem ? 
whose first law of motion says that unless acted upon be forces , objects would continue to move at a constant velocity ? 
who was an important early figure in the islamic revival in india ? 
what does the electrolysis of water produce ? 
what percentage was the increase of agricultural products in 2003-04 ? 
what physical condition can acute oxygen toxicity cause ? 
where does hamas want to establish an islamic state ? 
what monastery did the saint-evroul monks establish in italy ? 
what system has an impact on income inequality ? 
what type of movement is the muslim brotherhood ? 
which country 's arms purchase from the us became 5 times more than israel ? 
how did war start ? 
how are laboratory measurements of forces determined ? 
other theories of the word 's origin can be generally classed as what ? 
what does a u.s. census report state that even after other factors there still exists this between earnings of men and women ? 
although southern california consts of a heavily developed urban environment , how much of it has been left undeveloped ? 
what does high inequality go hand-in-hand with ? 
what kind of system of infection involves inserting a hollow tube into a host cell ? 
why does the rhine water fall into depths at the rheinbrech ? 
what type of wages does mechanization and automation lead to ? 
how many major ice ages have occurred ? 
who dates rocks , precisely , within the stratigraphic section ? 
how wide is the rhine in germany ? 
where did the genoese traders bring the plague ? 
how was it suggested that the ipcc avoid political problems ? 
what did the gulf war inadvertently do in the early 1990s ? 
what is typically used to broadly define complexity measures ? 
how much of australia 's milk is produced in victoria ? 
what type of exercise does research show receives a boost in performance from oxygen ? 
other than the steamboat , what modern form of travel brought visitors to florida ? 
what well known political scientists are currently on the university 's faculty ? 
what was the source of the rhine in the last ice age ? 
when was the jacksonville town charter approved ? 
what is the name of another type of prime here p+1 or p-1 takes a certain shape ? 
building construction is usually further divided into what categories ? 
what status has the brotherhood obtained in the islamic world ? 
in the mid 18th century , who did not concur that 1 should be the first prime number ? 
how much land do farms use in victoria ? 
what has the highest impact on wealth accumulation and the resulting income inequality ? 
where is the neighborhood of sunnyside located in fresno ? 
what does it mean for a disease to be enzootic ? 
where did the water in the amazon basin flow towards when moving west ? 
what is a notable application of injectors today ? 
along with the cisce and nenbse , what is a notable examination board in multiple indian states ? 
who assembles the authors ' contributions ? 
what region does use the term 'private schools ' to refer to universities ? 
what are some examples of territories where a member state is responsible for external relations ? 
which neighborhood lies west of the 41 freeway ? 
when did the iranian government enjoy something of a resurgence ? 
who was made governor of samarqand ? 
what is the enrollment of undergraduates at harvard ? 
what is the metric term less used than the newton ? 
what theorems are responsible for determining questions of time and space requirements ? 
in what year was the great internet mersenne prime search project conducted ? 
who is elected at the beginning of each term ? 
what function is used by algorithms to define measurements like time or space ? 
what trading company helped settle huguenots near the cape ? 
what strains of y. pestis were found in the mass graves ? 
what is the total number of professors , instructors , and lecturers at harvard ? 
the legislation allowed california to be admitted to the union as what kind of state ? 
what do some researchers believe is the earliest-diverging animal phylum is ? 
who did the snp obtain 16 seats from ? 
the rhine is the longest river in what country ? 
who became the king of the canary islands ? 
which fault can produce a magnitude earthquake of 8.0 ? 
what kind of experiments of rock deformation do structural geologists perform ? 
which mountain range influenced the split of the regions ? 
when was rhineland subject to the treaty of versailles ? 
where did the world 's first railway journey terminate ? 
what gorge is between the bingen and bonn ? 
of what form do mersenne primes take ? 
what are the specific divisors of all even numbers larger than 2 ? 
where did scientists find their y. pestis sample ? 
what was the name of the stadium that the teams played in ? 
stretched rocks that pinch into lenses are known by what word ? 
where did the french send a large number of settlers ? 
what was done to counteract the overpopulation of mnemiopsis in the black sea ? 
after 2007 how much do student from families earning less than $ 60,000 pay for school ? 
what did objects in forced motion contain according to the late medieval idea that influence aristotle ? 
where is the upper canal regulation of the rhine ? 
who did duke yansheng kong duanyou flee with ? 
what was the percentage of a female householder with no husband present ? 
what sort of system releases the exhaust steam into the atmosphere ? 
what type of motivators are food and shelter considered ? 
what is an example of a parasite that used the antigenic variation strategy to evade destruction ? 
what is the most frequently employed type of reduction ? 
what happens to the lead fusible plugs if the water level of the boiler drops ? 
along with marine engines and industrial units , in what machines was compounding popular ? 
what do lobates feed on ? 
how were some modern economic inequalities created ? 
what chinese system did kublai 's government compromise with ? 
which genus lack tentacles and sheaths ? 
what is the name of the border to the south ? 
besides germany and switzerland , where else is lake constance ? 
which articles state that the member states ' rights to deliver public services may not be obstructed ? 
what are some large pharmacy management companies ? 
in what year was the kalven report issued ? 
what type of company is van gend en loos ? 
where is audra mcdonald from ? 
did the plague spread in scandinavia or germany first ? 
secular arab nationalism was blamed for both the defeat of arab troops as well as what type of stagnation ? 
along with geothermal and nuclear , what is a notable non-combustion heat source ? 
what do petrologists use electron microprobes in the laboratory for ? 
the motto of the muslim brotherhood specifies what as being their constitution ? 
what type of ratios are used in geochronologic and thermochronologic studies ? 
what tv host and writer went to harvard ? 
constitutional impasse is distinct from what key term ? 
which central european country had a calvinist ruler ? 
juvenile platyctenids act like what ? 
what is warsaw 's economy characterized by ? 
what are outcomes expected with medication therapy management ? 
when did landau propose his four conjectural problems ? 
what is the southern region where protestants are concentrated ? 
how many museums comprise harvard art museums ? 
where are the rows of combs located ? 
the region was a leader in what event between 2001 - 2007 ? 
what books did bayle publish ? 
how wide is the upper rhine plain ? 
what will maidens be able to predict by floating their wreaths down the vistula ? 
how did the principle treaties that form the european union begin ? 
what is the weather type of mallee and upper wimmera ? 
when was bskyb 's digital service launched ? 
how many types of movements do euplokamis tentilla have ? 
what is the largest city in all of california ? 
how much money was francovich allowed to claim from the italian goverment in damages ? 
where do dikes form ? 
how are packets normally forwarded 
who do coordinating lead authors report to ? 
when did the age of imperialism end ? 
friedrich ratzel thought what was needed for a state to survive ? 
how many people were lost in algiers during 1620-21 ? 
what protein does staphylococcus aureus produce to make antibodies ineffective ? 
when did france take control of algeria ? 
which fort was rebuilt in 1964 ? 
what court case desegregated schools in the united states ? 
which city is planned to be a part of the california high speed rail ? 
what medical appliance can be a concern for oxygen toxicity ? 
where does the cold and warm water meet the warm water ? 
how is the prime number p in bertrand 's postulate expressed mathematically ? 
what was the name of the locomotive that debuted in 1808 ? 
where does centripetal force go ? 
when there are many workers competing for a few jobs its considered as what ? 
in the rankine cycle , in what state is the working fluid received in the condenser ? 
how many parts does the consideration of a bill in stage 3 have ? 
what method is used to intuitively assess or quantify the amount of resources required to solve a computational problem ? 
what did the ipcc apologize for ? 
who figured out that his law of gravity had to be universal ? 
at what time is the harvard-yale rivalry set aside ? 
what types of houses are designed by fresno architects ? 
what is an example of a machine model that deviates from a generally accepted multi-tape turing machine ? 
what did al-gama'a al-islamiyya use to get its way ? 
is the lisbon treaty one that would alter existing treaties or replace them ? 
what type of outcomes can even stable markets lead to ? 
what minor amount of liquid oxygen was produced by early french experimenters ? 
where can the entire sedimentary sequence of the grand canyon be seen in less than the length of a meter ? 
what district of warsaw chose the president between 1994 and 1999 ? 
where did the grand canal start ? 
how many customers does sky uk limited have as a pay-tv broadcaster as of 2015 ? 
what is a very seldom used unit of mass in the metric system ? 
what is the low end of the temperature range in summer ? 
rocks that are a depth where they are ductilely stretched are also often what ? 
when was the prime number theorem proven ? 
when was it discovered that prime numbers could applied to the creation of public key cryptography algorithms ? 
when did the democratic republic of afghanistan collapse ? 
how long has proportionality been recognized as one of the general principles of eu law ? 
what type of physics model did einstein fail to make ? 
who decide to make a very large donation to the university 's booth school of business ? 
what year was the first class taught at the university of chicago ? 
what form of oxygen do marine animals acquire in greater amounts during cooler climatic conditions ? 
how many species were found in the burgess shale ? 
what are the anitmicrobial peptides secreted by the skin called ? 
the asante and lunda empires were in which region ? 
what are the two principal asian-american groups living in the west side neighborhood of fresno ? 
to monitor what event would measuring radiance from vegetation provide information ? 
how many huguenots were killed during this purge ? 
in what year did fresno become an incorporated city ? 
along with admission , exhaust and compression , what is an event in the engine cycle ? 
what are other major fatality causes ? 
antigens bind to what in order to elicit a response of the immune system ? 
what early greek wrote about experiments on air and combustion ? 
what is necessary to disobey ? 
what is restrained with a lever in the top of a boiler ? 
what is the largest city of poland ? 
in what theoretical machine is it confirmed that a problem in p belies membership in the np class ? 
how many miles east of berlin is warsaw ? 
during 2012-2013 , how many student were able to take the core classes at a single time ? 
why were northern chinese ranked higher ? 
what did the islamic state proclaim itself in 2014 ? 
who challenged the plague theory first ? 
what was required of huguenot children after the edict was revoked ? 
in what major portion of living things is oxygen found ? 
who funds the ipcc 's deputy secretary ? 
what did the finding of gold in victoria cause ? 
what is n't economic growth sufficient for progress on ? 
of what form do fermat numbers take ? 
what is an example of major civil disobedience in south africa ? 
what type of process was involved the the depletion of the sun 's oxygen 16 ? 
what long term agenda was the acts of plundering muslim lands by the west ? 
who pays australian pharmacists for doing home medicines reviews ? 
what is the atomic number of the element oxygen ? 
what was germany 's central interest ? 
maududi was trained as a lawyer , but chose what professional for himself instead ? 
when do cash flow problems exist ? 
the time required to output an answer on a deterministic turing machine is expressed as what ? 
who was the ruling class ahead of the normans ? 
what is the gender income inequality in bahrain ? 
when the law is a direct target of the protest , what is this called ? 
what is the kilogram-force sometimes reffered to as ? 
jean de rely 's illustrated french-language scriptures were first published in what city ? 
vetra and i germanica and xx valeria were the two legions for what ? 
what is generally considered to be the most basic iteration of a turing machine ? 
in addition to recirculating water , what do condensers do ? 
what is the translation of oude maas ? 
who is given credit for discovering geoglyphs along the amazon river ? 
when did the kmj-tv first broadcast ? 
what component of water is more soluble than nitrogen ? 
how does the ipcc prepare special reports ? 
who founded mckinsey & company ? 
how did france differ from britain in managing its colonies ? 
who would the occupation alienate ? 
what was the result of the disobedience protesting the nuclear site ? 
what type of medicine did otachi focus on ? 
how many beds does the maria sklodowska-curie institute of oncology have ? 
where did he begin teaching ? 
how many days does the parliament have to nominate a first minister after a general election ? 
in what type of molecules are oxygen found ? 
which team was suspended from the mls ? 
what has shortened the rhine river ? 
how many of the pitt 's planned expeditions were successful ? 
what is the hottest temperature record for fresno ? 
when did great britain colonize australia ? 
where did water to the west of the amazon drainage basin flow towards ? 
what is the potential earnings for a job where there are few skilled workers but many available positions ? 
anarchists do not want to accept punishment for what reason ? 
harold winston 's supported which country 's during its six day war ? 
when were shimer college students allowed to transfer to the university of chicago ? 
how was sadat rewarded by the islamists for his attempts to bring egypt into modern times and civilization ? 
what dynasty shared artistic inspiration with the yuan ? 
what causes the symptoms of inflammation ? 
who mapped the st. johns river in 1562 ? 
what was the jacksonville fire later known as ? 
how would the geographical societies in europe support certain travelers ? 
how many items is the university library home to ? 
the amazon rainforest became a mostly inland forest around which global event ? 
when did photosynthetic organisms evolve on earth ? 
what is one part of the innate immune system that does n't attack microbes directly ? 
how were huguenot settlers assimilated into north american society at large ? 
how many kilometers of acres of the ecuadorian rainforest is supported ? 
vaccination exploits what feature of the human immune system in order to be successful ? 
how much percentage of victoria 's land is taken up by farms ? 
what is lower in countries with more inequality for the top 21 industrialized countries ? 
what organization argued that drought , among other effects , could cause the amazon forest to reach a `` tipping point ? '' 
what has the court required to be more accessible ? 
when was a study published confirming the 2001 ipcc projections ? 
what did the hamas charter uncompromisingly encourage ? 
when did the ottoman empire fall ? 
what did aristotle refer to forced motion as ? 
what has recent testing of kuznets theory with superior data show it to be ? 
what did microsoft announce that it would rename sky drive pro to ? 
which coastline does southern california touch ? 
what controls wages in a purely capitalist mode of production ? 
what responsibilities are pharmacists believed to be taking on more in the future ? 
what do some people protest against ? 
colonial rule , or physical occupation of a territory is an example of what kind of imperialism ? 
who did the ottoman empire ally with in ww i ? 
what kind of region can be found inside the urban area of southern california ? 
what will be the importance of the pharmacist in coming decades ? 
what title was the social charter set to be included into the maastricht treaty under ? 
what were the first two destinations of huguenot emigres ? 
what has a bigger impact on the united states ' economy more than trade ? 
what can result in more equal distribution of income ? 
what caused jacksonville 's tourism to become less desirable at the latter half of the 19th century ? 
what helps to unleash the productivity ability of the poor ? 
what is the main judicial body of the eu ? 
what is the center library in the harvard library system ? 
how much turbine power is consumed by the pump while the work fluid is condensed ? 
which areas of northern europe practiced those religions ? 
who along with russia supported post ww-ii communist movements ? 
what is the name of the desert on the border of arizona ? 
why did the university see a drop in applicants ? 
how are the combs spaced ? 
the sieve of eratosthenes would not be valid if what were true ? 
colonialism as a policy is caused by financial and what other reasons ? 
the los angeles clippers are a team belonging to which sport ? 
other than the automobile club of southern california , what other aaa auto club chose to simplify the divide ? 
when did french learn about braddock 's plans ? 
who was thought to have killed tugh temur ? 
what is an example of a virus that uses antigenic variation ? 
other than san bernardino , what is the name of the other city that maintains the districts including university town ? 
persistent unemployment has what effect on long-term economic growth ? 
np complete problems contain the lowest likelihood of being located in what problem class ? 
what device is a dry cooling tower similar to ? 
how many graduate students does harvard have ? 
what is an expression that can be used to illustrate the suspected inequality of complexity classes ? 
what impacts distribution of wealth when evaluating labor ? 
what is the name of the satellite that measured the amount of dust ? 
where does the delta in the netherlands begin ? 
where was france 's huguenot population largely centered ? 
what extinction event might have created some conditions allowing the expansion of the amazon rainforest ? 
which theory suggested people in the tropics were uncivilized ? 
how many natural reserves are in warsaw ? 
what is controled by the market and economy ? 
when did the y. pestis reach england ? 
what do most online pharmacies do ? 
what is csnet 
tension , compression , and drag are what kind of forces ? 
how long did ms kucukdeveci work for swedex gmbh & co kg before she was dismissed ? 
in what two age groups is the strength of the immune system reduced ? 
where was the summer theatre located ? 
who helped develop the first man-made self-sustaining nuclear reaction ? 
where are some physicians permitted to prescribe and give out medications within their practices ? 
why was tanaghrisson supporting british efforts ? 
how is packet switching characterized 
when were joseph schumpeter and norman angell at their most prolific writing period ? 
informal imperialism is still dominant ; however , less what ? 
which tefu article states that no quantitative restrictions can be placed on trade ? 
who besides the british colonized africa ? 
what is the escape of the steam unlikely to accomplish in all but the smallest boilers ? 
what is the dutch word for the amazon rainforest ? 
what is the most common cause of injury on site ? 
what did lindzen criticize about the summary for policymakers ? 
how much is the sieve method of gas production used ? 
what did historians do in the absence of census figures ? 
what is the name of one type of prime where p+1 or p-1 takes a certain shape ? 
who was the uighur king of qocho ranked above ? 
where had the mongol capital been before kublai moved it ? 
what is the name of the chairman of the board of trustees ? 
which country 's invasion show the insecurity of the middle east ? 
what do most platyctenida have on their aboral surface ? 
who is the primary rival of the harvard crimson hockey team ? 
what is a connection identifier 
who is currently the president of the council ? 
breaking down barriers to trade and enhancing the free movement of goods is meant to reduce what ? 
of what is ozone a reactive part of oxygen ? 
by the late 19th century , which country had the largest empire ever to exist in the world ? 
what was the u.s. information agency charged with doing during the cold war ? 
which country 's cars became more highly sought after as they were more fuel efficient ? 
who took isaacs place as provost in 2016 ? 
what type of homes is fresno known for ? 
what does yeke mongghul ulus mean ? 
what is set up to scrutinize private bills submitted by party outsiders ? 
by what century did researchers see that they could liquefy air ? 
the analysis of stratigraphic sections such as drill cores is done by who ? 
what is income inequality attributed to ? 
what is jacksonville 's hottest recorded temperature ? 
what can the ipcc 's report deadlines cause to be omitted ? 
who won the nobel prize in 1905 ? 
when was the royal university of warsaw established ? 
in what decade did the rankine cycle create 90 % of electric power ? 
how long did the 5th president 's tenure last ? 
what ethnicity was shi tianze ? 
what often affects or facilitates ease of analysis in computational problems ? 
what were ntl 's services rebranded as ? 
what meteorologist was also apart of the university 's faculty ? 
how many hundred of years was scotland directly governed by the parliament of great britain ? 
name an extra that was added to the production of the compacts . 
what was the percentage of whit people in fresno in 2010 ? 
when was the russian policy `` indigenization '' defunded ? 
what religion did the french spread along with their imperialism ? 
who is the current president and the high representative for foreign and security policy ? 
what contains a nearly verbatim of parliamentary debates ? 
who sets the legislative agenda in victoria ? 
whose occupation of kuwait did the us military personal seek to put an end to ? 
who did edward make archbishop of canterbury ? 
when was sky digital launched ? 
why do police and fire services fall under the purview of the scottish parliament ? 
along with nuclear , geothermal and internal combustion engine waste heat , what sort of energy might supply the heat for a steam engine ? 
what was the italian title of polo 's book ? 
when was the special report on renewable energy sources and climate change mitigation ( srren ) issued ? 
how far apart are some of the neighborhood 's features ? 
what scientist told the french academy of sciences that he had found how to liquefy oxygen ? 
what characteristic due most items display after burning ? 
what was the name of france 's primary colony in the new world ? 
in what year is the oldest pharmacy said to have been established ? 
if p = np is unsolved , and reduction is applied to a known np-complete problem vis a vis π2 to π1 , what conclusion can be drawn for π1 ? 
what organization did general gaafar al-nimeiry invite members of to serve in his government ? 
who provided a definition of linear bounded automata in 1960 ? 
what would change the rotational inertia of a body under newton 's first law of motion ? 
each of the extended metropolitan areas has a population that exceeds what number ? 
what is the land area of jacksonville ? 
what church runs some private schools in victoria ? 
what councils assign tasks to the ipcc ? 
where does heat rejection occur in the rankine cycle ? 
how many weight rooms are in the malkin athletic center 
what type of gradients are formed by faulting and other deformational processes ? 
what second part of air was deemed lifeless by lavoisier ? 
how were the mongol garrison families earning money ? 
how far is jacksonville from miami ? 
what are two factors that made it difficult for colonists to the amazon forest to survive ? 
what profession were ronald robinson and john gallagher ? 
who was the world 's second largest oil producer ? 
what is the effect on humans of oxygen ? 
what would income differentials be if individual contributions were relevant to the social product ? 
what year did consolidation cause jacksonville to become part of duval county ? 
compared to other causes , the effect of trade on inequality in america is what ? 
how much more land does the school own in allston than cambridge ? 
who opened the new parliament building on october 9 , 2004 ? 
when is the warsaw gallery weekend held ? 
how much of normal is the oxygen breathed in space suits ? 
what has technological innovation and automation replaced low-skilled jobs with ? 
what platform caused bskyb to end their analogue service ? 
when would the occupation of allies leave rhineland ? 
what conjecture holds that there is an infinite amount of twin primes ? 
what does n't change from being at rest to movement at a constant velocity ? 
what does fota stand for ? 
what is the most likely effect of breathing oxygen ? 
what delivery message was used 
according to agreement between iroquois and british , where was a strong house to be built ? 
what does vbns stand for 
what did this concept contradict 
what is the world 's busiest general aviation airport ? 
was the use of the datanet 1 name correct 
along with poppet valve gears , what type of gears utilized separate admission and exhaust valves to give ideal events ? 
though turabi proclaimed his support for the democratic process , he strictly applied what after coming into power ? 
what is the most controversial aspect of imperialism ? 
how long was warsaw the capital of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth ? 
what type of theatre is the warsaw fotoplastikon ? 
how much was bskyb going to pay for the primier league rights ? 
where was the first horse racetrack located ? 
which country 's imports became the de facto mass market leaders ? 
what did baran develop during research at rand 
who was an important figure in the twentieth-century islamic revival in india ? 
what was the main idea of james hutton 's paper ? 
where does the rhine encounter it 's tributary the neckar ? 
when was the ottoman empire at its height ? 
besides viniculture , what is the other dominate economic sector in the middle rhine ? 
what was the target percentage of households bskyb wanted to reach ? 
granting what status would allow private non-religious schools in the us to receive public funds ? 
what alumni was also an attorney general and a federal judge ? 
other than for its resort feel , what is palm springs popular for ? 
what was telenet 
how are austpac connections made 
where can the complexity classes rp , bpp , pp , bqp , ma , and ph be located ? 
when was spanish takeover of louisiana territory complete ? 
how much of the population in the middle east died of the plague ? 
what two women were defying the pharaoh in the story from the book of exodus ? 
what is the name of the area past the border that the megaregion extends into ? 
the movements of the lobates combs are controlled by what ? 
turtles and jellyfish can eat large quantities of what ? 
when did oil start getting priced in the terms of gold ? 
what are the top 4-5 % graduating students honored with ? 
how many species of ctenophora have been validated ? 
in what year did the amazon experience its worst drought of recent history ? 
where did the first huguenot colonists settle ? 
what is the minimum percent of alcohol content a german law requires all spirits and liqueurs to have ? 
who leads the student government ? 
in the layered model of the earth , the mantle has two layers below it . what are they ? 
what is one criminal behavior that is hard to stop by authorities ? 
how much do estimations of the population during the plague vary ? 
how long has the rhine coastline been in the same location ? 
what do forces have with regard to additive quantities ? 
which californio is located in the upper part ? 
what is involved in a review of prescribed medications ? 
what is the largest stadium in australia ? 
what continent are the canarian islands off the coast of ? 
where was ralph earl of ? 
according to the humoral theory of immunity , what were the bodies immune agents ? 
other than the san jacinto fault , and the elsinore fault , name one other fault . 
what right do private schools have that public schools do n't ? 
how were british able to cut supplies to louisbourg ? 
on where are most tourist attractions focused in victoria ? 
cities that anchor the regions are often the hub for what kind of activity ? 
what event was blamed on the introduction of mnemiopsis into the black sea ? 
when did income inequality begin to increase in the us ? 
who was robert 's son ? 
evidence for what types of structures were found in 2003 ? 
where do other tourist events happen in victoria outside of melbourne ? 
when was warsaw 's stock exchange brought back to life ? 
what ctenophore was accidentally introduced into the black sea ? 
by what process can active immunity be generated in an artificial manner ? 
why did the oil ministers agree to a cut in oil production ? 
what was the trend of female student population from 1970s and deyond ? 
what does civil disobedience relate to ? 
strictly speaking who was included in datanet 1 
what does the islamic state lack from the international community ? 
when using a probabilistic algorithm , how is the probability that the number is composite expressed mathematically ? 
what castle currently houses the centre for contemporary art ? 
where was the burial site used for testing located ? 
how much did the ipcc third assessment report say sea levels will rise from 1990 to 2100 ? 
what is the name brand of the personal video recorder that bskyb offers ? 
besides cultural events , what other tourist attraction does victoria have ? 
how wide is the rhine in germany between emmrich and cleves ? 
when was most of sunnside developed ? 
when was warsaw 's first stock exchange established ? 
what do nuclear power plants heat to create electricity ? 
who found that there was a developed culture of commissioner 's who lacked responsibility ? 
which of the three heavily populated areas has the least number of inhabitants ? 
what brought the downfall of jacksonville filmmaking ? 
when did these rebellions take place ? 
what were the years two regulations that conflicted with an italian law originate in the simmenthal spa case ? 
the term imperialism has been applied to western countries , and which eastern county ? 
what is inequality associated with higher levels of ? 
who was the hostage ? 
what is the high end of the temperature range in winter ? 
how is dioxygen most simply described ? 
at what pressure is water heated in the rankine cycle ? 
when did the three advocate generals argue that directives should create rights and duties for all citizens ? 
what is raghuram rajan 's career ? 
what does obersee mean ? 
what is one way of digital civil disobedience that can have far reaching consequences ? 
what co-receptor recruits molecules inside the t cell that are responsible for cell activation ? 
political advantage is an attribute of which state policies ? 
what are cancerous tumors of the skin known as ? 
what is donald davies credited with 
ctenophores are less complex than what other group ? 
how much literature has been written regarding civil disobedience ? 
when was the colony destroyed ? 
when had the six ministries existed ? 
what is the famous rock near sanke goarshausen ? 
what is another function that primes have that the number 1 does not ? 
who helped designed the main quadrangles ? 
when did the age of imperialism begin ? 
rocks on top of a fault that are cut are always older or younger than the fault itself ? 
how many academic research divisions does the university of chicago have ? 
what philosophy of thought addresses wealth inequality ? 
which is one of the park features located in north fresno ? 
what did the greek root pharmakos imply ? 
`` an account of further discoveries in air '' was published by who in 1775 ? 
in what year did harvard and radcliffe admissions merge ? 
what do capitalist firms substitute equipment for in a marxian analysis ? 
what sport attracts most tourists to jacksonville ? 
what is one condition that an element p of r must satisfy in order to be considered a prime element ? 
who led the attack of the french colony in 1565 ? 
what pushed up the pyrenees ? 
if 1 were to be considered as prime what would the sieve of eratosthenes yield for all other numbers ? 
what kind of t cells have the purpose of modulating the immune response ? 
what was the purpose of csnet 
what british general negotiated at montreal ? 
what do power station steam turbines use as a cold sink in the absence of chp ? 
what was the reason the italian constitutional court gave that resulted in mr. costa losing his his claim against enel ? 
what were requests made to british ? 
the west side of fresno is the center of which ethnic community ? 
what was the concept of force an integral part of ? 
what does the el centro metropolitan area and san diego-carslbad-san marcos metropolitan area form ? 
finding what helps to determine if a fault is a normal fault or a thrust fault ? 
how did hobson argue to rid the world of imperialism ? 
a forced trade agreement between two countries would be an example of what ? 
how were most city officials elected in the 1960s ? 
how quickly can an algorithm solve an np-complete knapsack problem ? 
what actually causes rigidity in matter ? 
what reason is given that you should also protest public companies ? 
what effect does trade with poorer countries have on the workers in richer countries ? 
who does bskyb have an operating license from ? 
when did it retract to a inland formation ? 
why was it thought that ctenophores were a poor diet for other animals ? 
what power is available to australian private schools but generally not present in public schools ? 
what nationality is hoesung lee ? 
where were the narrow gauge rail lines built in victoria ? 
how many developed countries did british researchers use to gather statistics from ? 
what is the area called where two plates move apart ? 
which country had trading posts in india before britain ? 
what force acted on bodies to retard their velocity ? 
in what year was the joe and rika mansueto library constructed ? 
what charter has become an important aspect of eu law ? 
what type of professional is a pharmacy technician considered to be ? 
what are both branko milanovic and joseph stiglitz ? 
what magnitude of earthquake can many faults produce ? 
why is it preferred that civil disobedience is non violent ? 
other than san bernardino , which other developed southern californian city is not in close proximity to the coast ? 
what could justify restrictions on freedom of establishment ? 
what is an underbid ? 
what function is related to prime numbers ? 
what video game series did alex seropian make ? 
who is suited to interpret the treaties ? 
what does the name the rhine come from ? 
what type of amendments might members opposed to a bill put on the table ? 
what were features of apple talk 
where are bills typically gestated in stage 1 ? 
what shakespeare scholar is a faculty member at harvard ? 
what does private ownership create a situation of ? 
what kind of company is sky uk limited ? 
what do the services given by pharmacists provide ? 
how do academic results in former model c schools compare to other schools ? 
in what century did missionaries notably establish church schools in south africa ? 
dutch architect janjaap ruijssenaars 's performative architecture 3d-printed building is scheduled to be built when ? 
what was the name of the eastern half of the colony of 1788 ? 
where are health and social problems most common ? 
what kind of division of power did kublai 's government have ? 
what thesis specifies that a polynomial relationship exists within time complexities in a computational model ? 
which theorem states that all large odd integers can be expressed as a sum of three primes ? 
where does the rhine end ? 
what is sky+ hd material broadcast using ? 
from what french king did the huguenot name possibly descend ? 
what did joseph haas say in his email ? 
when did the yuan people suffer a series of natural disasters ? 
what distinct quality of combustion was absent from philogiston theory ? 
what has crime rate been show to be correlated with in a society ? 
what is the main defense mechanism of bacteria known as ? 
what former administrative building was used for the msp 's offices ? 
does the new deal include video on demand and high definition ? 
sophocles demonstrated civil disobedience in a play that was called ? 
when was zia-ul-haq killed ? 
when did arpnet and sita become operational 
what is the term for a mathematical model that theoretically represents a general computing machine ? 
what is the term for a hyperactive immune system that attacks normal tissues ? 
if the tops of the rock units within the folds remain pointing upwards , they are called what ? 
what year did iqbal return to lahore ? 
what park covers an area of 76 ha . ? 
who is the uk 's largest digital subscription television company ? 
what is the axis of warsaw which divides it into two parts ? 
what well-known archeologist believed the amazon did n't have many inhabitants ? 
when did the united states withdraw from the bretton woods accord ? 
where did kublai move the mongol capital to ? 
by 199 how many universities were connected 
what does the scotland act of 2012 extend ? 
a non-deterministic turing machine has the ability to capture what facet of useful analysis ? 
how high is victoria 's mount bogong ? 
along with drought , what is one other factor that is pushing the amazon rainforest towards a tipping point ? 
outside of national recognition , what other kind of recognition do some of the cities get ? 
how many were in langlades expedition ? 
because of the danger inherent in concentrated oxygen , what is a concern about keeping it ? 
what is victoria 's highest monthly temperature ? 
what period was 2.5 million years ago ? 
how many times did plague occur in venice ? 
what leader led the dutch revolt and wrote apologie ? 
what happened to the rate of flow in the rhine during the rhine straightening program ? 
how many paid holiday days do most member states require ? 
whose control of the uk 's government helped fuel a desire for a scottish parliament ? 
who 's satellites would the new free-to-air channels be broadcast from ? 
does the residential architecture of the tower district compare or contrast with other part of fresno ? 
what are the two simple word responses to a decision problem ? 
when did the last glacial start ? 
why was polonia relegated from the country 's top flight in 2013 ? 
why did france choose to give up continental lands ? 
what does the inability to separate islam from islamism lead many in the west to support ? 
what planet did astrophysisist predict to explain the problems with mercury ? 
there is criticism that the energy policies are expensive quick fixes that ignore which facts ? 
who called for an agency to be created to be solely focused at undermining the islamism ideology ? 
what was tugh 's chinese-style name ? 
what can significantly contribute to the continuing inequality in a society over time ? 
who was the normans ' main enemy in italy , the byzantine empire and armenia ? 
what does it mean when currencies are left to `` float ? '' 
when was warsaw ranked as the 32nd most liveable city in the world ? 
what is the island off of the german shore of the rhine that this warm and cold water meet ? 
what is another term for year 12 of education ? 
in what sector are jobs beginning to increase ? 
in which case was it held that the provisions of the treaties are directly effective if they are clear , unconditional , and do n't require further action by eu or national authorities ? 
what river was petrela located by ? 
when did the church reform begin ? 
what powers does the court of justice of the european union have in regards to treaties ? 
what remain unsolved problems with the kyoto protocol ? 
what is the chinese name for the yuan dynasty ? 
missing self desribes cells that only have small amounts of what cell-surface marker ? 
what university alumni member was known for his work on portfolio theory ? 
what formation has an asymmetrical pattern of different terraces ? 
recently a more detailed model of the earth was developed . seismologists were able to create this using images of what from the interior of the earth ? 
post 2008 undergraduate students are required to complete how many general education classes towards degree ? 
when was the ottoman caliphate abolished ? 
what was the number of customers that the bbc reported had yet to receive the service due to failed deliveries ? 
who was the medical report written for ? 
where did turabi place students sympathetic to his views ? 
what is the english translation of tawhid ? 
melatonin during sleep can actively counteract the production of what ? 
what fields have increased in influence on pharmacy in the united states ? 
which month is the first in the year parliament takes a two week vacation ? 
disruptions in sleep can lead to increase in what chronic conditions ? 
who identified gravity as a force ? 
any subcontractor has a direct contractual relationship with who ? 
what do you use to let idea strings switch direction ? 
when extensive time is required to sort integers , this represents what case complexity ? 
what does the minister who was the catalyst of the members business do by speaking after everyone else ? 
what does lgm stands for ? 
what percentage of france 's population is protestant today ? 
why did berlin huguenots switch to german from french in their services ? 
what do msps who are not in the chamber when the division bell rings return to do ? 
what are the three primary expressions used to represent case complexity ? 
what conviction did many poles have regarding how the varsovians thought of themselves ? 
with what european country did the huguenots feel kinship for emigration to ? 
in what year did richard trevithick patent his device ? 
what type of goals are usually done skirting the law ? 
what is the bend of rhine in basel called ? 
which organizations most commonly divide and promote the state ? 
on what river does warsaw stand ? 
what modern city is located on the original huguenot colony ? 
what does the bathocyroe and ocyropsis do to escape danger ? 
what is the final effect of adding more and more idea strings to a load ? 
what are public schools in victoria ? 
what is the name of the bridge that joins parts of the campus of the charles river ? 
what type of turing machine can be characterized by checking multiple possibilities at the same time ? 
how many members can voters choose to represent the constituency ? 
what religion 's schools does the term 'parochial schools ' generally refer to ? 
the long tentacles on the pleurbrachia are protected by what ? 
who attends loreto normanhurst ? 
what are construction managers ? 
what is considered the epitome of the rhine romanticism ? 
what was houghton 's role ? 
what does the name fresno mean in spanish ? 
what is the applicant admission rate for class of 2019 ? 
what type of committee is set down under the sp 's standing orders ? 
what happens when a person 's capabilities aer lowered , as it relates to their income ? 
what is a a developing economy 's level of inequality bulging out called ? 
what is a spark or heat to the progress of a fire ? 
university city is an example of a business district located in which city ? 
the great internet mersenne prime search , what was the prize for finding a prime with at least 10 million digits ? 
which genus of ctenophores does not have cydipped-like larvae ? 
how many french people were lost to plague between 1628-31 ? 
when was the old truman brewery founded ? 
the defeat of the arab troops in the six-day war constituted what for the arab muslim world ? 
by what name were the `` supposedly reformed '' known ? 
what may be presented to parliament in various ways ? 
when was phags-pa script invented ? 
what satellite enabled sky digital to launch an all new digital service ? 
which company provides train service in fresno ? 
what plans of the british did this attach on oneida carry set back ? 
what provided an incentive to western empires to colonize africa ? 
what year did bskyb and virgin media have a dispute over the carriage of sky channels on cable tv ? 
what happens when business underpays their workers ? 
what does the template for bills passed by the scottish parliament include ? 
what was the verdict on other alleged errors ? 
who selects and hires the best ideas and appropriate contractors ? 
what do some believe the treaty of versailles assisted in ? 
what did shrewsbury note about the plague ? 
how far does one pharmacy in croatia date back to ? 
where do ctenophores be found in large numbers ? 
what did the development of this fertile soil provide in hostile environment ? 
of what mathematical nature is the basel problem ? 
what does the 9 +3 pattern of cilia thought to do ? 
what month is the warmest in fresno ? 
what equation desribed the physics of force before the current schrodinger equation ? 
when did the university start having a bachelor 's degree program in theater & performance studies ? 
who caused the dissolution of the holy roman empire ? 
when the rhine emerges from lake constance which way does it flow ? 
what is featured on the city of fresno 's city flag ? 
who announced she would step down as leader of the conservatives ? 
what are pharmacists forbidden to do ? 
which full-sized model cars were not popular ? 
how much support is there for the us approach to economic development ? 
when did the arab oil producers lift the embargo ? 
how long is the upper rhine plain ? 
along with stephenson and walschaerts , what is an example of a simple motion ? 
in what kind of system of particles are there no unbalanced iinternal forces ? 
granite is made up largely of what chemical compound ? 
there is growing interest in what indigenous group in the amazon ? 
what was kublai khan 's relation to ogedei khan ? 
what famous conductor went to harvard ? 
how many of warsaw 's inhabitants spoke polish in 1933 ? 
what is the moniker that is being used to describe the region 's diversified technology ? 
currently , how many votes out of the 352 total votes are needed for a majority ? 
what is another term for the pivot mounting ? 
newborns are vulnerable to infection because they have no previous exposure to what ? 
what area was kublai trying to capture by attacking xiangyang ? 
what was sadat seeking by releasing islamists from prison ? 
how much revenue is private ? 
how much did the population of victoria increase in ten years after the discovery of gold ? 
where do ipcc reports get their information ? 
when did the first french language bible appear ? 
what did lavoisier perceive the air had lost as much as the tin had gained 
what fixed set of factors determine the actions of a deterministic turing machine 
what did smedley butler call us foreign policy ? 
acessing the amazon rainforest was restricted before what era ? 
what was norman cantor 's theory about the plague ? 
the taliban was so different from other moments that they could be more accurately described as being what ? 
how many species of bird and mammals are there in the amazon region ? 
what was french population in north america ? 
what food bacteria is an example of intracellular pathogenesis ? 
what kind of problems are one of the main topics studied in computational complexity theory ? 
when was opec production of oil being surpassed ? 
what is the maximum square miles did betty meggers claim that can be sustained in the rainforest ? 
how do the fees at former model c schools compare to those at other schools ? 
what prohibition agent was also an alumni at the university ? 
what was a popular type of variety show during the yuan ? 
what did a 1996 study by perotti examine ? 
where according to gross state product does victoria rank in australia ? 
when were the public housing developments built in the neighborhood ? 
where is the highest point of the rhine basin ? 
what person argues that civil disobedience is used to describe everything ? 
what century did the normans first gain their separate identity ? 
why would one plead guilty to a crime involving civil disobedience ? 
what was the goal of the system 
what was the nationality of jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont ? 
in computational complexity theory , what is the term given to describe the baseline abstract question needing to be solved ? 
who was jacksonville 's mayor at the time of the consolidation ? 
what kind of arches does norman architecture have ? 
in which article does the treaty of lisbon prohibit anti-competitive agreements ? 
what has lately been being viewed as a fundamental status of member state nationals by the court of justice ? 
what building is the most interesting of the late 19th-century architecture ? 
what is formed when a phagosome fuses with a lysosome ? 
on an international level , which industry 's competitive positions is affected ? 
how many of the scottish electorate would need to for it on the referendum ? 
when did the meuse and waal merge ? 
what is warsaw 's name in the polish language ? 
in the layered model of the earth , the outermost layer is what ? 
what type of revolution did maududi advocate ? 
who is the president of egypt ? 
who else did datnet 1 refer to 
what field of computer science analyzes the resource requirements of a specific algorithm isolated unto itself within a given problem ? 
the university of chicago library system has how many libraries in total ? 
what was introduces into the black sea ? 
which conference do the teams in southern california play in ? 
what does the beroe eat ? 
when was the french colony in modern day brazil founded ? 
what has the tendency to increase wages in a field or job position ? 
who may also submit private bills to parliament ? 
what countries use a red stylized a to signify pharmacy ? 
le grande also wrote that defining the term civil disobedience so difficult it could be described as ? 
what month , every four years , are the ordinary general elections held on ? 
when did the black death technically subside ? 
what did nsfnet promote 
since students do not pay tuition , what do they have to pay for schooling in victoria ? 
what may be possible for multiple kuznets ' cycles to be in at any given time ? 
what did creating highways in the amazon rainforest lead to ? 
what types of engines are steam engines ? 
how many campuses does the university of california have ? 
how did king louis xv respond to british plans ? 
what organization offers monetary awards for identifying primes with at least 100 million digits ? 
what had the number of people living in warsaw declined to by 1945 ? 
what route connects fresno with the california central valley ? 
which car shows the dot 's revision of categories ? 
what is the principle about relating spin and space variables ? 
what are the most active parts of ctenophora ? 
in which direction did the water on the eastern side flow ? 
what issues were not addressed in the treaty of aix-la-chapelle ? 
what do the owners of more capital end up having ? 
what is set aside for question periods in the debating chamber ? 
when did hamas drive the plo out of gaza ? 
when was the defeat of napoleonic france ? 
what policy gave britain dominance in world trade ? 
when was the great plague of london ? 
what do platyctenida use their pharynx for ? 
why did gm , ford and chrysler introduced fuel-efficient and small cars to the us market ? 
how many seats are in the debating chamber ? 
what kind of service is the skydrive service ? 
what would be lower if there were fewer people ? 
what may a force on one part of an object affect ? 
based on population alone , what is jacksonville 's ranking in the united states ? 
where in las vegas did a famous protest take place ? 
during which eon did free oxygen begin appearing in quantity ? 
what was the purpose of loudoun 's troops at fort henry ? 
what was tugh temur known for ? 
how was the dutch name for the rhine originally spelled ? 
an adobe that provides less utility to one person than another is an example of reduced what ? 
what was the centrifugal governor incapable of doing ? 
which actions by eu institutions can be subject to judicial review ? 
who had toghtogha tried to defeat ? 
where did kublai build his administration 's strength ? 
what was zia-ul-haq 's official state ideology ? 
in which cardinal direction from los angeles is san diego ? 
what devices have been credited as the moving force of the industrial revolution ? 
what present-day company did bankamericard turn into ? 
when was the the second german empire founded ? 
who is the first administrator of the federal energy office ? 
what style of lace is erroneously believed by some to have huguenot influence ? 
in what part of the 19th century were steam turbines introduced ? 
in 2004 the orange revolution occurred in what country ? 
what kind of disorders are the result of an overactive immune response ? 
a growing number of new forms of procurement involves what ? 
what ruined richard 's plans to reach acre ? 
what do beroids typically eat ? 
what mechanism can be used to make oxygen ? 
at what wavelength do the spectrophotometric bands peak ? 
how much was the 1994 earthquake estimated to have cost ? 
where is the lowest point of warsaw located ? 
what direction do ctenophore swim ? 
how would the word apothecary be viewed by contemporary english speakers ? 
sedimentary rock can be turned into which of the three types of rock ? 
what does the capabilities approach look at poverty as a form of ? 
what court is able to interpret european union law ? 
in what body of water is the harvard - yale regatta held ? 
when did western governments support fledgling islamists ? 
what is included with each packet label 
what year did robert j. shiller win an economics nobel prize ? 
where did many spanish catholic move after british takeover in florida ? 
what impact does workers working harder have on productivity of a business ? 
what range of years was the current warming compared to ? 
where are some of the best medical facilities in east-central europe located ? 
in what form are most hospital medications ? 
why was the dutch lawyer who moved to belgium while advising a client in a social society case told he could n't continue ? 
what kind of field is necessary to produce a magnet effect in oxygen molecules ? 
where did maududi 's books place islam ? 
the central pacific railroad established a station for its new line in what year ? 
which park is home to the fresno chafffee zoo ? 
how can you protest against the government in an individual way ? 
an algorithm for x which reduces to c would us to do what ? 
what is another name for the yosemite freeway ? 
what is the name of the university 's summer festival ? 
what group specifically opposed the huguenots ? 
what kind of forest is the amazon rainforest ? 
what can construction projects suffer from ? 
the principle of faunal succession was developed 100 years before whose theory of evolution ? 
what months out of the year is woodward park open ? 
the uniflow engine is an attempt to fix an issue that arises in what cycle ? 
what happens if a member does n't vote the party line ? 
how many days did the warsaw uprising last ? 
which us president visited jacksonville in 1888 ? 
in what year was the battle that resulted from a confederate cavalry unit attacking a union expedition ? 
at what age did british gas plc force their workers to retire ? 
who is one prominent advocate of this theory ? 
what culture did the normans combine with in ireland ? 
after what year was compounding frequently used in marine engines ? 
who lead the school back to leading research institution in 2oth century ? 
where do ctenophora live ? 
what is the name of an algebraic structure in which addition , subtraction and multiplication are defined ? 
who went to fort dusquesne in june 1755 ? 
who has the task of ensuring party members vote according to the party line ? 
who bought the rights ? 
what scientific field 's theory has received contributions from the steam engine ? 
what are environmentalists concerned about having released from the amazon region ? 
in considering turing machines and alternate variables , what measurement left unaffected by conversion between machine models ? 
how many men were in robert 's army ? 
name a luxury model that became popular in the mid-1970s . 
as of january 2016 how many digits does the largest known prime consist of ? 
antibody-dependent hypersensitivity belongs to what class of hypersensitivity ? 
what type of sentences were the protesters given ? 
what kind of people attend the ipcc meetings ? 
by which year did chrysler ended its full sized luxury model ? 
how many species of trees can be found in the amazon rainforest ? 
how many huguenots fled france by the 1700s ? 
the presence or absence of what can be used to determine the relative age of the formations in which they are found ? 
what was the result of the 1967 referendum ? 
in what conditions were forces first measured historically ? 
browlee also applies that civil disobedience is okay regarding ? 
what is an example of a measurement within a complexity class that would create a bigger set of problems if the bounds were relaxed ? 
in may 2002 , where would you go to address the parliament ? 
what title did iroquois give johnson ? 
antigen specificity allows responses that are specific to certain types of what ? 
when was ambulatory care pharmacy approved as its own certification ? 
in what field were double and triple expansion engines common ? 
philo of byzantium ____ surmised that air converted to fire 
what did colonial authorities reduce because of the ballarat revolt ? 
which reason is given sometimes to plead not guilty involving these matters ? 
who were two of kublai 's chinese advisers ? 
to what body are certain powers explicitly specified as being reserved for ? 
which article of the treaty on european union states that commissioners should be completely independent and not take instructions from any government ? 
jacksonville 's popularity for films earned it what title ? 
who wrote that it is difficult to produce an all inclusive definition of civil disobedience ? 
what are bskyb 's standard definition broadcasts compliant with ? 
along with tuition , scholarships , vouchers , donations and grants , where does funding for private schools come from ? 
what type of immune systems are found in all plants and animals ? 
which duty do some people believe civil disobedients have ? 
what helped spread protestantism in france ? 
if the apparant force of two fermions is attractive , what is the spin function ? 
under what condition is an element irreducible ? 
in what meeting did shirley lay out plans for 1756 ? 
what rates of health and social problems are in countries with high inequality ? 
what additional benefits are there to surrounding community of expansion ? 
what religions did tugh temur follow ? 
when were competition rules included in the treaty of rome ? 
what is the name of the university 's core curriculum ? 
when did greenland sign a treaty granting them special status ? 
what type of topological systems are found in numbers in victoria ? 
who experimented by rolling stones and canonballs down a steep incline ? 
what body has stated that physicians can also dispense drugs under specific conditions ? 
what is the resultant force called when two forces act on a particle ? 
when did the egyptian islamic jihad assassinate anwar sadat ? 
how many academic units make up the school ? 
what percentage of leukocytes do neutrophils represent ? 
what gained ground when arab nationalism suffered ? 
in what country is normandy located ? 
what are some of the accepted general principles of european union law ? 
where did support from governmental and religious groups come from ? 
what legitimate dynasty came after the yuan ? 
who first wrote about the rhine 's discovery and border ? 
residential construction practices , technologies , and resources must conform to what ? 
after what year did compounding cease to be used in britain ? 
what was the newer county added to the list ? 
when did tamara marry a lawyer ? 
who wrote that imperialism is the highest stage of capitalism ? 
how far from the yard is the quad located ? 
packet switching contrast with what other principal 
how many homes did the alta vista tract have five years after billings & meyering acquired it ? 
what did france offer that was rare by imperial standards ? 
what flows between bingen and bonn ? 
how was the civil disobedience shown in antigone ? 
who made ralph earl ? 
how many bodies of water makes up lake constance ? 
the frequent availability of what substance allowed land-based steam engines to exhaust a great deal of steam ? 
charleston settler elie prioleau was from what french town ? 
the rhine gets how much water from the aare ? 
what is an example of illegal disobedience ? 
what did the zuider zee brackish lagoon change into ? 
what does increased oxygen concentrations in the patient 's lungs displace ? 
the maroons are apart of what association ? 
what is the delta in the rhine delimited in the east by ? 
when is the members debate held ? 
what does the euplokamis use the three types of movement for ? 
what molecules are recognized as foreign by the immune system ? 
what percentage of a high pressure engine 's efficiency has the energiprojekt ab engine achieved ? 
what has increased sediment and delta growth also produced in the rhine ? 
objects of constant density are proportional to volume by what force to define standard weights ? . 
when did honda , toyota and nissan open us assembly plants ? 
how did the better jacksonville plan generate money ? 
how big can ctenophora grow ? 
how many residents does the greater metropolitan area have ? 
what major conquest did tancred play a roll in ? 
which river joins the rhine in duisburg ? 
what is the name of the united kingdom operation for bskyb ? 
the region spans starting at islands found in which body of water ? 
the area where jacksonville currently sits has been inhabited for how many years ? 
what is the problem attributed to defining if two finite graphs are isomorphic ? 
what monument is in memory of the largest insurrection of wwii ? 
what forest is by warsaw 's southern border ? 
who was ralph in charge of being at war with ? 
what is it called when there is an active attempt to overthrow a government or belief system ? 
what entity is created if the three different institutions can not come to a consensus at any stage ? 
what organization runs the public schools in victoria ? 
which park hosts the largest civil war reenactment on the west coast ? 
why do some tribes use remote sensing technology ? 
what change in conditions may make the amazon rainforest unsustainable ? 
under elie metchnikoff 's cellular theory , what cells were responsible for immune response ? 
what country did the rhine continue to rise during the holocene ? 
what have the two different islamist movements been described as oscillating between ? 
what is the name of the longest bridge in germany ? 
where was there a weakness in british supply chain ? 
what have muslims praised hamas for doing ? 
how are the total numbers of seats allocated to parties ? 
which cidippid is used as a description on ctenophores in most textbooks ? 
what doctrine did the doctrine of the principles of geology successfully promote ? 
funding limitations allowed csnet to be what 
what is cultural imperialism often referred to as ? 
the symbol for mercuric oxide is ? 
what are stators attached to ? 
how many areas were impacted by the the death of vegetation in the 2010 drought ? 
theories on imperialism use which country as a model ? 
which country was thinking about going to war to forcibly take middle eastern oil fields ? 
what is the edge of the moraine plateau called ? 
who invented a high-pressure steam engine around 1800 ? 
what percentage of german students attended private schools in 2008 ? 
what was the name of the count of apulia 
who owns the rail lines in victoria ? 
what kind of self-consistent models are physicists trying to make that would create a theory of everything ? 
how is packet mode communication implemented 
by what year was selling children into slavery common among the mongols ? 
after the peterloo massacre what poet wrote the massacre of anarchy ? 
what is the mayor of warsaw called ? 
what proclamation abolished protestantism in france ? 
what can the non-elected members from the scottish government not do ? 
what company agreed to terminate high court proceedings with virgin media ? 
under normal conditions , t cells and antibodies produce what kind of peptides ? 
who did the mongols send to bukhara as administrators ? 
what was the name of the first huguenot church in the new world ? 
what are the components of drug therapy ? 
when did warsaw start to rebuild ? 
what type of vote must the parliament have to either block or suggest changes to the commission 's proposals ? 
what did polo call the yuan capital ? 
since what year did the university offer a doctorate in music composition ? 
whose activities were the french able to gain knowledge of ? 
who did a morphologically analysis in 1985 that concluded cydippids are not monophyletic ? 
what government agency supervised buddhist monks ? 
what group can amend the victorian constitution ? 
the procedure continues until what ? 
what river runs alongside jacksonville ? 
what financial issue is notoriously prevalent in the construction field ? 
salafism posits that democracy is responsible for what type of horrible events of the 20th century ? 
when were the shortcomings of aristotle 's physics overcome ? 
what is a descriptive term for a low-to-high energy bond ? 
what was the name of bohemond 's nephew ? 
who is credited with the modern name for this system 
what type of practices did the yuan reintroduce in government ? 
his poem is considered the first kind of what type of protest ? 
what other terminology is considered much more destructive ? 
cypiddids are not what ? 
when did watt finish the development of his improvements to newcomen 's engine ? 
where can ctenophores be found in large amounts ? 
who invited washington to dine with him ? 
what country has the most factories that pollute the rhine ? 
what former building is currently known as grand 1401 ? 
why does a lower level of economic growth occur due to high-end consumption ? 
what nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winner is also a university alumni member ? 
what does untersee mean ? 
who were the two abbots at fécamp abbey ? 
what is the example of another problem characterized by large instances that is routinely solved by sat handlers employing efficient algorithms ? 
what yuan policies did muslims dislike ? 
why are there more poor people in the united states and europe than china ? 
from where would scientists like measure vegetation radiance ? 
it is generally assumed that a turing machine can solve anything capable of also being solved using what ? 
the sand bernardino - riverside area maintains what kind of district ? 
who was frédéric chopin ? 
what does the flow of the rhine being visible depend on ? 
what is the turbine entry temperature of a steam turbine , in degrees celsius ? 
what type of commutative ring does the lasker–noether theorem express every ideal as an intersection of primary ideals in ? 
whose theory was the theory of continental drift ? 
what effect did breathing priestley 's discovered gas have on the experiment 's mouse ? 
antigone was a play made by whom ? 
in china , this person inferred that the land was formed by erosion of the mountains and by silt deposition , what was his name ? 
how frequent is snow in the southwest of the state ? 
who sold the rights ? 
what was thought to decide a person 's behavior ? 
what can the growth elasticity of poverty depend on ? 
what general religious belief did the nations that received huguenot refugees have in common ? 
which country did rewe-zentrale ag wish to import from ? 
what is the current number of electors currently in a scottish parliament constituency ? 
the academic body of the university is made up of how many divisions of graduate ? 
what does the ctenophora use to swim ? 
what would someone who is civilly disobedient do in court ? 
over how many species of trees can be found in the saxon garden ? 
outside of northern san diego , which other region contains business districts ? 
who captured fort beausejour ? 
what ranking in terms of busiest airports from international passenger volume is the los angeles international airport ? 
what does the world 's first museum of posters have one of the largest collections of in the world ? 
who are debates and meetings open to ? 
what is europe 's largest inland port ? 
what was considered responsible for the black death as well as the epidemic in southern china ? 
what is the income inequality gap between genders in botswana ? 
what was jacksonville referred to as after the consolidation ? 
when did the 1973 oil crisis begin ? 
how many casualties did british get ? 
what force changes an objects direction of travel ? 
when did genghis khan become great khan ? 
what is economic liberalism one of the causes of ? 
what does computational complexity theory most specifically seek to answer ? 
how many contributing authors does an ipcc report chapter have ? 
low doses of anti-inflammatories are sometimes used with what classes of drugs ? 
in 1785 james hutton presented what paper to the royal society of edinburgh ? 
what is the force equivalent of torque compared to angular momentum ? 
when was the university library founded ? 
what is as important as identifying plague symptoms ? 
what dilemma is a good example of moral civil disobedience ? 
what was the second meaning of a chinese word for 'barracks ' ? 
tumors that are able to evade the body 's immune response can become what ? 
phagocytes can be called to a specific location by what ? 
what play showed an early depiction of civil disobedience ? 
what plants create most electric power ? 
what was the name of the battle that marked the first confederate win in florida ? 
what directly opposes the force applied to move an object across a surface ? 
when was the palace on the water rebuilt ? 
these project structures allow the owner to integrate the services of who throughout the design and construction ? 
in what book did betty meggers describe the idea of the amazon being sparsely populated ? 
in what era did some members of this community emigrate to the us ? 
how many projects does the centre currently realize a year ? 
what brand of car is manufactured in broadmeadows ? 
how many academic majors does the university grant in total ? 
when was the colony of new south wales founded ? 
who did internet2 partner with 
how many khitan tumens were there ? 
juvenile and adult beroe lack what ? 
who applies european union law ? 
what is the oldest exhibition site in warsaw ? 
what were the annual carriage fees for the channels ? 
who won the ekstraklasa championship in 2000 ? 
when did augustus die ? 
what toxin induces apoptosis in the target cell ? 
what percentage of filipino tertiary education takes place in private schools ? 
how many africans were brought into the united states during the slave trade ? 
what is another way to state the condition that infinitely many primes can exist only if a and q are coprime ? 
what is the average weight of the biomass per hectare in the amazon ? 
what group has no feeding appendages ? 
what are clades ? 
what is petrology ? 
what net loss did the conservatives suffer ? 
what percent of the global assets in 2000 were owned by just 1 % of adults ? 
what do beriods use as teeth ? 
what famous snowbaorder lives in southern california ? 
what time do the msps normally decide on the motions and amendments from that day ? 
what are two complexity classes between l and p ? 
which area of china did japan conquer in 1931 ? 
when was the last plague outbreak ? 
which rail line operates in melbourne ? 
what is the gauge of the victorian rail lines ? 
hormones released during sleep support the interaction of t-cells and what species ? 
what is gravitational acceleration proportional to ? 
what is the rankine cycle sometimes called ? 
which irish cities had large huguenot enclaves ? 
in what year did malaysia receive its independence ? 
to what level would the polynomial time hierarchy collapse if graph isomorphism is np-complete ? 
that there currently exists no known integer factorization problem underpins what commonly used system ? 
zoning requirements , environmental impact , budgeting , and logistics are things who should consider ? 
who was a prominent huguenot in holland ? 
where does the rhine empty ? 
what does the ipcc rely on for research ? 
when did isil pledge allegiance to al-qaeda ? 
what is the general term used to describe the output to any given input in a problem instance ? 
what is the newer , more widely accepted theory behind the spread of the plague ? 
by how many kilometers does the traveling salesman problem seek to classify a route between the 15 largest cities in germany ? 
what work from around 300 bc has significant theorems about prime numbers ? 
how many organizations issued the joint statement on climate change ? 
who responded to lindzen 's criticisms ? 
after huguenots fled france , their last remaining bastion was where ? 
what cancer researchers were also apart of the university 's faculty ? 
what allows customers to get sky+ functions if they do not subscribe to bskyb 's channels ? 
on what scale would scientists show measurements of vegetation ? 
what geologic feature is composed of oxygen oxides ? 
what do the strains of y. pestis suggest abut the plague ? 
what does the steam generated by a nuclear power plant drive ? 
what was the name of the storm that hit jacksonville in may of 2012 ? 
why is majority rule used ? 
when did polonia warsaw win the country 's championship prior to 2000 ? 
in early pleistocene , what direction did the rhine flow ? 
civil disobedience is mainly performed by what population group ? 
who is videoguard owned by ? 
what nominal title did yuan emperors have ? 
horizontal layers of what are pulled along a surface into a back stop in analog versions of orogenic wedge experiments ? 
what aspects of life does islamism seek to integrate itself into ? 
how many victorians are non-religious ? 
what entity enforces the charter of fundamental rights of the european union ? 
what reform was attempted following the nice treaty ? 
how much support does evidence provide for the view that labor-market flexibility improves labor-market outcomes ? 
what did the license to build this type of car expire in 2011 ? 
where can aeolian sand with a number of dunes be found ? 
what complexity class is characterized by a computational tasks and efficient algorithms ? 
if two thirds of the rhine flows through waal , where does the other third flow through ? 
what makes static friction go up or down in responce to contact characteristics between an object and the surface it is on ? 
what is the most important item for civil disobedience to follow through ? 
what was the name of the infamous german gestapo prison ? 
what does the time element in construction mean ? 
what test is especially useful for numbers of the form 2p - 1 ? 
the function of long-lived memory cells is an example of what kind of immune response ? 
what type of rock is found at the grand canyon ? 
how many nobel laureates are among the school alumni ? 
what equals the spring reaction force on an object suspended on a spring reaction scale ? 
what branch of theoretical computer science deals with broadly classifying computational problems by difficulty and class of relationship ? 
when the election produced an snp majority government , what was it the first occurrence of ? 
beginning in what year was harvard on top of the world reputation rankings ? 
combs are called what ? 
what kind of interethnic marriage became common in the jin dynasty ? 
what is the only district in the cbd to not have `` downtown '' in it 's name ? 
when was ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi introduced into the black sea and the sea of azov ? 
from what does photosynthesis get oxygen ? 
which branch of the eu has had the most influence on the development of eu law ? 
what is the boundary between the high and upper rhine ? 
in what year did a tropical storm cause a four day loss of power to jacksonville ? 
what are private schools that charge no tuition called ? 
what was maria curie the first female recipient of ? 
who has the islamic liberation party attempted to assassinate ? 
when did the european anti-fraud office investigate john dalli ? 
what did the non-afghan veterans returning home have in addition to their prestige ? 
what is the second busiest container port in the united states ? 
what types of pumps are typically used in industrial boilers ? 
what has complicated definitions that prevent classification into a framework ? 
who was the university 's 5th president ? 
what is the proprietary system that sky+hd uses ? 
by what means were scientists able to liquefy air ? 
what did neoclassical economics view the inequality in the distribution of income as being from ? 
when did europe slowly begin to warm up from the last ice age ? 
when an activated killer t cell finds cells where the mhc 1 receptor has specific antigens , it releases cytotoxins such as what ? 
western governments considered islamists to be the lesser of two evils when compared to whom ? 
how many square kilometers is the amazon basin ? 
the peruvian amazon indigienous people are one group struggling in the amazon , what is another group ? 
what catholic church liturgical belief did lortie criticize openly ? 
what guide states the univeristy of chicago is known for their heavy workload and academic difficulty ? 
what is the highest reference hospital in all of poland ? 
who was emma 's brother ? 
who revolted in the ispah rebellion ? 
where did france lose a war in the 1950 's ? 
who wrote about the distillation of drinking water from sea water ? 
who made up 19 % of the student body in the 2012 spring quarter ? 
how many cylinders does the energiprojekt ab engine have ? 
who is responsible for axiomatic complexity theory ? 
what is a regulatory factor produced by macrophages ? 
reduction essentially takes one problem and converts into what ? 
how well did the mongol emperors know chinese ? 
what is the name of the law which imposed the speed limit ? 
where have herbivorous fishes been seen feeding on gelatinous zooplankton ? 
problems capable of theoretical solutions but consuming unreasonable time in practical application are known as what ? 
under what law is value of a worker determined ? 
who stated he wanted israel to vanish ? 
when was the santer commission censured by parliament ? 
what increases with the increase of income inequality ? 
which city is the fifth-largest city in california ? 
what encouraged cultural exchange under the yuan ? 
how is the pauli exclusion priciple manifested in the macro world ? 
what was the civil war against ragibagh also called ? 
what acquired condition results in immunodeficiency in humans ? 
how many bodies of water makes up lake constance ? 
geoglyphs dating to what period were found in deforested land along the amazon river ? 
which articles state that powers stay with member states unless they 've been conferred ? 
most antibiotics target bacteria and do n't affect what class of organisms ? 
how much of jacksonville is made up of water ? 
southern california is most famous for tourism and what notably named district ? 
what is heralded by the sounding of the division bell ? 
in addition to the traveling salesman problem , what is another example of a function problem ? 
how do regimes fight against cultural imperialism ? 
when did japan release a statement to tell israelis to withdraw from the palestine ? 
if two integers are multiplied and output a value , what is this expression set called ? 
in schmidberger v austria , the court of justice came to the conclusion that austria did n't infringe upon article 34 by failing to ban a what ? 
what does connection orientation require 
what type of regime ruled over sudan for many years ? 
what stature did pharmacists have in the pre-heian imperial court ? 
the price of oil is usually a stable commodity until when ? 
what virus did walter reed discover ? 
what is one avenue being compensated for by having committees serve such a large role ? 
who were the semuren ? 
cost overruns with government projects have occurred when the contractor did what ? 
who was the ideologue of the iranian revolution ? 
what is the profession of jake rosenfield ? 
how much do ctenophore eat in a day ? 
the bend on the rhine goes from the west to what direction ? 
how much has global mean surface air temperature changed in the last century ? 
what is the usual form of the government 's wealth redistribution ? 
what has a negative influence over the us economy ? 
which areas were least vulnerable to disease ? 
who took command of french in spring of 1753 ? 
what entity has taken the view that the goals of free trade are underpinned by the aims to improve people 's well being ? 
when was the rhine measurement corrected back to the original ? 
when did the cretaceous-paleogene extinction happen ? 
what is held outside the formal legal ownership registration system in many developing countries ? 
besides combustion , for what other action did mayow show nitroaereus responsible ? 
which country was the last to receive the disease ? 
what occurs after a dive in which a diver decompresses too quickly ? 
which nation contains the majority of the amazon forest ? 
what foreign bodies , which are older than the rocks themselves , occur igneous rocks ? 
how old are the gravestones that reference the plague ? 
what is the time rate of change of electric charge ? 
what do radical islamist organizations reject entirely ? 
when will ford 's manufacturing plants close ? 
the mother of which emperor was a concubine ? 
what is harvard 's total financial aid reserves ? 
when was the deportation of acadians ? 
what is the canal in wesel ? 
what is the other nhl team aside from the anaheim ducks to reside in southern california ? 
what issue plagues the literature about civil disobedience ? 
who won the battle of lake george ? 
how did celeron feel about native relations ? 
does bskyb carry any control over a channels content ? 
during which years was no census taken ? 
who lived in a tree to prevent it from being cut down as a form of civil disobedience ? 
how many lines does the commuter rail system have ? 
the censuring of the santer commission resulted in which main case ? 
what is structural geology ? 
what is something that is often torn up and included in sedimentary rock ? 
antibodies are transferred to the gut of the infant through what means ? 
where is the oldest known rock in the world located ? 
photosynthesis uses which energy to for oxygen from water ? 
what do electrostatic gradiient potentials create ? 
what was the significance of british win ? 
what did olivier roy state underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 20th century ? 
what trend increases the organic composition of capital over the long term ? 
what is the comparison in price between australian private schools versus public ? 
in what years did spain and portugal join the european union ? 
what is the name of the european union agency for external border security ? 
what style of sensing do scientist like to use to measure global radiance ? 
in a steam turbine , what are rotors mounted on ? 
civil disobedients have chosen many different kinds of what type of behaviors ? 
in what year was the school formed ? 
when did france begin in earnest to rebuild its global empire ? 
how successful was the french revised efforts ? 
what made ohio country vulnerable ? 
what is the process by which the antigen/antibody complex is processed in to peptides ? 
the largest construction projects are known as what ? 
what protestant religions made northern european counties safe for huguenot immigration ? 
debates about civil disobedience include or exclude what major practice ? 
of what did da vinci think a part was consumed during combustion ? 
what was the seven years war ? 
of what mountain system are the victorian alps a part ? 
what ethnic group located in jacksonville is ranked tenth largest ? 
what does the nederrijn change it 's name to ? 
what was the norman religion ? 
what is an example of a problem to which effective algorithms have provided a solution in spite of the intractability associated with the breadth of sizes ? 
along with location , endowment and the willingness of parents to pay , what factor influences private school tuition ? 
on what date did the first railway trip in the world occur ? 
how do private schools in ireland differ from most ? 
what denomination operates st joseph 's college ? 
what type of skills does the market bid up compensation for ? 
who is the costa rican president that went to harvard ? 
what is another name for the west side of fresno ? 
who was the leader who established the colony at florida ? 
it is now possible to convert old relative ages into what type of ages using isotopic dating ? 
what are the most powerful class of anti-inflammatory drugs ? 
what is the most common form of oxygen on the planet ? 
what si the comparison to sea level with the oxygen level in space suits ? 
who developed datapac 
which army attacked and destroyed this colony ? 
what region of china is hebei part of ? 
what were the national elections in 1991 canceled by ? 
what is the name of the bungie inc. founder who is also a university graduate ? 
which country besides the cuba did the united states try to annex in 1898 ? 
what is violating a law which is not the goal of the protest called ? 
one strategy of islamization is to seize power by what methods ? 
in what year did jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont receive a steam engine patent ? 
where did john paul ii celebrate mass in warsaw ? 
why should someone not commit a crime when they are protesting ? 
who did bskyb compete with initially ? 
who was kublai khan 's grandfather ? 
what was the goal of braddock 's expedition ? 
what is the name of the french colony established in 1564 ? 
how much did the statement predict global surface temperature would increase by 2100 ? 
what is malum in se considerations ? 
from whom did the huguenots in south carolina purchase land from ? 
who patronized the monks in italy ? 
what measurement of time is used in polynomial time reduction ? 
who was the leader of russia in the 1960 's ? 
what was the basis mentioned for the develpment of the general theory of relativity ? 
thoreau mentions what type of person could corrupt a government system ? 
what year was the treaty of amsterdam created ? 
when was the university of chicago established ? 
what should the punishment rely on instead in a just society ? 
who demonstrated how to create a perfect number from a mersenne prime ? 
early western texts referencing the east describe the people as being what ? 
when was the battle of hastings ? 
where is the congress hall located ? 
where is brazil ranked globally in soybean production ? 
what were the yuan armies too weak to stop ? 
which fresno district is the center for the lgbt community ? 
what is the name of one type of modern primality test ? 
what type of math was advanced during the yuan ? 
resources are constrained by hierarchy theorems to produce what ? 
what is the name of one type of computing method that is used to find prime numbers ? 
what is the name given to the input string of a computational problem ? 
what function do compounds like phenol and acetone serve in the manufacture of many other substances ? 
the rhine first formed a boundary between gaul and what else ? 
in what part of the city did residents suffer from a lack of city services ? 
many changes in the vegetation of the amazon rainforest took place since the last glacial maximum , which was how many years ago ? 
what has presented problems to the us economy more than other nations ? 
what was the catalyst that created greater interest in renewable resources ? 
why was old oil withdrawn from the market ? 
what is the definition of agency as it relates to capabilities ? 
who did the normans team up with in anatolia ? 
what is the name for the smaller streams along the region northern germany ? 
what additional srevice did bskyb offer besides video on demand that they claimed offered `` substantially more value '' ? 
cristian bay 's encyclopedia concludes that civil disobedience does not only include what behavior ? 
how many piston strokes occur in an engine cycle ? 
what covered scandinavia , the baltics , scotland , and the alps in the last ice age ? 
at what age do immune responses typically begin to decline ? 
what do photocytes produce ? 
what class of ships is an example of large passenger liners ? 
which organic compounds contain the greatest amount of oxygen by mass ? 
in what way do idea strings transmit tesion forces ? 
what types of medications do specialty pharmacies stock ? 
when was the fso car factory founded ? 
how many inhabitants does the los angeles area contain ? 
where did korea border kublai 's territory ? 
what is a turbine 's theoretical carnot efficiency ? 
when was scotland invaded by william ? 
what does userdatagram protocol gaurentee 
what sort of engines utilized the yarrow-schlick-tweedy balancing system ? 
the modern trend in design is toward integration of what ? 
when did the german army reoccupy rhineland ? 
what did virgin media claim bskyb did that resulted virgin not carrying the channels anymore ? 
what country did the normans invade in 1169 ? 
what were the two huguenot neighborhoods created in berlin ? 
what expression is generally used to convey upper or lower bounds ? 
according to lenin why must capitalistic countries have an imperialistic policy ? 
people behaving with civil disobedience that is not-violent is said to make society have more of what ? 
the bruins belong to which college ? 
there are 34 cities in southern california that have a population exceeding what number ? 
besides viniculture , what 's a dominant economic sector of the middle rhine ? 
iran has assisted what type of groups in iraq ? 
what does quadratic reciprocity seek to achieve ? 
what party is strongest in melbourne 's affluent areas ? 
what type of group is the islamic state ? 
what is the process of adding structure to real property or construction of buildings ? 
what park is close to john lennon street ? 
how much of the european population did the black death kill ? 
what did austpac support 
what was the ultimate development of the horizontal engine ? 
how many lakes are there in warsaw ? 
when was the measurement of the rhine introduced ? 
how many soldiers were in each tumen ? 
along with public schools , what type of school was recognized under the south african schools act ? 
focus on what is to ameliorate the many problems that arise from the often highly competitive and adversarial practices within the construction industry . 
what did bskyb name their interactive service ? 
of what were materials that left little residue thought to contain ? 
in what compound is oxygen found in small amounts in the atmosphere ? 
what type of valve is used by recent safety valves ? 
what did european empires rely on to supply them with resources ? 
what type of outlook do some of the muslims in london have ? 
when is the suspended team scheduled to return ? 
what is the term for a task that generally lends itself to being solved by a computer ? 
why is the final bill passed to the monarch ? 
what is the approximate turbine entry temperature of a gas turbine ? 
what do the reactive forms of oxygen produce in organisms ? 
why are some forces due to that are impossible to model ? 
le grand asks for a variance of what three terms ? 
what armed group stopped the uprising at ballarat ? 
when were the normans in normandy ? 
between brakel and what other city can the most landward tidal influence be detected ? 
during withdrawal from fort william henry , what did some indian allies of french do ? 
how many frenchman won battle of carillon ? 
what type of professionals are pharmacists ? 
what was the only region in europe not conquered by the germanic tribes ? 
what does the average temperatures exceed in the summer ? 
for what purpose is oxygen used by animal life ? 
what made the student decide to occupy the president 's office in protest ? 
how did the revocation restrict huguenot travel ? 
how long were the fighters of the warsaw ghetto uprising able to hold out ? 
what happens when bathocyroe and ocyropsis clap their lobes together ? 
why is the seating of the debating chamber arranged as it is ? 
what religion did henry renounce upon ascending the throne ? 
what was the brazilian french colony called ? 
who leads the islamic state ? 
where was an elected assembly to be set up , under the terms of the scotland act of 1978 ? 
who was guy 's rival ? 
where might the doctor 's self-interest be at odds with the patient 's self-interest ? 
the reasons for the las two counties to be added are based on what ? 
what land was ceded to spain ? 
what was free movement increasingly based on ? 
what are the two major subtypes of t cells ? 
when was the rhine first discovered ? 
what is the main executive body of the eu ? 
where did the meuse flow before the flood ? 
what type of climate does jacksonville have ? 
complexity theory seeks to define the relationship between the scale of algorithms with respect to what other variable ? 
what was the protest in antigone about ? 
how many people died of plague in paris in 1466 ? 
in an adjustable spring-loaded valve , what needs to be broken to allow an operator to tamper with it ? 
what happens to waste heat in the rankine cycle ? 
the abolition of the ottoman caliphate is believed to have ended what system ? 
reports document that how many parisien protestants were killed by september 17 ? 
colonialism often means a country doing what ? 
what year did roger de tosny fail to accomplish what he set out to do ? 
when did jamaa islamiya renounce violence ? 
during which period in history was the amazon rainforest a narrow band of forest ? 
how many seats does the amphitheatre at woodward park have ? 
what areas did french recruit natives from ? 
what popular environmentalist is also a university alumni member ? 
what country does the rhine empty ? 
what is the name for o3 most often used ? 
what occurs when electron clouds overlap from different atoms ? 
other than the desert city why do many locals and tourists frequent southern california ? 
what type of combustion does the slow reaction of triplet oxygen prevent ? 
what is the polish word for wreaths ? 
what paleontologists are currently on the university 's faculty ? 
what may members question the first minister about directly during first minister 's question time ? 
under which directive did the eu harmonize restrictions on restrictions on marketing and advertising ? 
what was persistent unemployment have a negative effect on ? 
what kind of university is the california institute of technology ? 
why would rampant violence prevent people from going to work ? 
which conjecture holds that every even integer n greater than 2 can be expressed as a sum of two primes ? 
what is creon trying to stop antigone from doing in the play ? 
how long had john paul ii been the pope in 1979 ? 
what types of work did the han do in central asia ? 
what index is an indicator of the effects of taxes applied to social spending ? 
semen contains what in order to kill pathogens ? 
who authored the liber servitoris ? 
in what year did the first european travel the entire length of the amazon river ? 
at what rate is orange county developing its business centers ? 
what organization is devoted to jihad against israel ? 
where did british settlers live ? 
which artist has a piece of his artwork located at the fulton mall ? 
what political group began to gain support following the corruption scandal ? 
who is best able to leverage the accumulation of wealth ? 
on what date was victoria declared independent from new south wales ? 
what delimits the delta of the rhine in the west ? 
what interfered with kublai 's second invasion of japan ? 
when was king george 's war ? 
if a and q are coprime , which theorem holds that an arithmetic progression has an infinite number of primes ? 
in what year did edmond 's characterize a `` good '' algorithm ? 
what tribes were in father le loutre 's war ? 
how far did the sea level drop in the ice ages ? 
who wrote the paper that the `` millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction '' graph was based on ? 
how much of the greenhouse effect is due to carbon dioxide ? 
to what can the use of prolonged breathing of oxygen at 60 kpa lead ? 
in what country was a full-scale working railway steam locomotive first invented ? 
why is warsaw 's flora very rich in species ? 
what danger did the ipcc understate ? 
how quickly is the sea level rising ? 
what individuals were responsible for authoring `` on the computational complexity of algorithms '' ? 
cydippid are typically what shape ? 
what is another name for a coal supply bin ? 
who created the nation 's first aviation community ? 
where are a bulk of factories concentrated along the rhine ? 
what type of role that islamism seeks makes it a somewhat controversial concept ? 
what can scales and spring balances measure between two forces by using static equilibrium ? 
polynomial time reductions are an example of what ? 
who are the un-elected subordinates of member state governments ? 
what is the main gap to continued urbanization ? 
what is a recent civil disobedience done in a group form ? 
what museum specializes in cultural history and civilizations of the western hemisphere ? 
what are the two different types of immunity ? 
ctenophores , cnidarians and what other group are labelled diploblastic ? 
what are the proteins that organisms use to identify molecules associated with pathogens ? 
what year did the storm hit richard 's fleet ? 
what has caused savanna regions to grow into the south american tropics in the last 34 million years ? 
when was liquid oxygen developed for commercial use ? 
what was the name of the florida huguenot colony ? 
what kind of human t cells respond to common molecules produced by microbes ? 
other than universal and warner brothers , what other company runs a major record company ? 
what is the type of oxygen production for emergency oxygen in airlines ? 
what building was a gift from the soviet union ? 
compared to the rest of florida , how does jacksonville 's filipino population rank ? 
according to wilson 's theorem , what factorial must be divisible by p if some integer p > 1 is to be considered prime ? 
what are the most abundant kind of phagocyte ? 
what are the three sources of european union law ? 
what agreement was made for trade with natives and british ? 
what was shrewsbury 's conclusion ? 
in what year was the first geological map of the u.s. produced ? 
roughly how many clubs are ran at the university ? 
how many people were in french north american colonies ? 
the adaptive immune system must distinguish between what types of molecules ? 
what ideal thermodynamic cycle analyzes the process by which steam engines work ? 
how is circuit switching charecterized 
during what period did downtown fresno thrive ? 
how much was the emergency aid to israel ? 
the university agreed to grant a degree to any graduate of affiliate schoos that did what ? 
there have been major changes in amazon rainforest vegetation over the last how many years ? 
what type of architecture is represented in the majestic churches ? 
how many students were enrolled in public schools in victoria ? 
what type of authority are ambulatory care pharmacists given in the u.s. federal health care system ? 
before the formation of which planet , did sol lose oxygen 16 ? 
what is the mace displayed in ? 
what do astronaughts experience while in free-fall ? 
what war in ireland featured huguenot regiments ? 
how many miles south of san jose is the north - south midway point located ? 
who in warsaw has the power of legislative action ? 
which book discussed the theory about low populations in the amazon rainforest ? 
what does not constitute as civil disobedience ? 
what must a project adhere to ? 
what is most of the cleared land in the amazon region used for ? 
what changes macroscopic closed system energies ? 
what are cilia used for ? 
when was the tower theatre built ? 
what are the main legislative bodies of the european union ? 
what did the edict do for huguenots in france ? 
what was the premise of woodrow wilson 's inquiry ? 
when did hitler order the annihilation of the warsaw ghetto ? 
how many streetcars did the fresno traction company operate in 1931 ? 
if the head of government refuses to enforce a decision of the highest court what terminology could be used ? 
some people describe what between individuals or groups as imperialism or colonialism ? 
what was another term used for the oil crisis ? 
which member state declined to sign the social charter ? 
what is the nature of the relationship between t-cells and vitamin d ? 
what year did bskyb acquire sky italia ? 
when did the uk formally subscribe to the agreement on social policy ? 
in what decade were injectors widely used in steam engines ? 
as a result of a compromise , about how many chinese schools became national type schools ? 
who do most jurisdictions say can give scheduled drugs to the public ? 
what group of people performed revolutionary civil disobedience toward the austrian government ? 
what kind of contract is given when the contractor is given a performance specification and must undertake the project from design to construction , while adhering to the performance specifications ? 
what are los angeles , orange , san diego , san bernardino and riverside ? 
how many academic minors does the university grant in total ? 
who was the leader when the franks entered the euphrates valley ? 
what percentage of oxygen will a zeolite sieve produce ? 
what is the rhine called in dutch ? 
how does victoria rank as to population density ? 
a small fraction of the cold water flow from lake constance goes to what other lake ? 
who concluded that the rising income inequality gap was not getting better ? 
how large can ctenophora grow ? 
what are engines using four expansion stages known as ? 
what techniques did chinese medicine include ? 
how many naval bases are located in jacksonville ? 
what is the application of prime numbers used in information technology which utilizes the fact that factoring very large prime numbers is very challenging ? 
which animal that lives in the amazon river may produce a deadly shock ? 
what style was the warsaw philharmony edifice built in ? 
of what group in the periodic table is oxygen a member ? 
what are the two bodies that make up the european union 's legislature ? 
what is the name of another type of modern primality test ? 
how many types of x.25 networks were there originally 
what types of schools are most ergänzungsschulen ? 
what could be attributed to gravity acceleration around the earth ? 
how far is warsaw from the baltic sea ? 
what architecture type came after norman in england ? 
why would one want to give a speech ? 
in an ideal moral society , what would all citizens be free from ? 
what does the matching helper t cell release when it binds with the mhc : antigen complex of the b cell ? 
why did french feel they had right to ohio claim ? 
what does the premier of victoria need to lead in the legislative assembly ? 
when was the scottish constitutional convention held ? 
what is the name of the private day school for k-12 students the university runs ? 
who discovered the compton effect ? 
in what part of the united states did many students migrate to christian academies during the desegregation period ? 
where does the gold in the parliamentary mace come from ? 
what has having an eu citizenship increased ? 
how do you pronounce fresno ? 
what is essential for the successful execution of a project ? 
what is the steam engine 's thermodynamic basis ? 
from whom did the huguenots purchase the land where they settled ? 
how is income determined in a market with variously skilled workers ? 
what can often be predicted beforehand ? 
what is the region called that is the largest conurbation of the rhine ? 
what caused uk to have an oil crisis in its own country ? 
how did user of tymnet connect 
mazda , mitsubishi and isuzu joined partnership with which american car company ? 
what kind of graph is an example of an input used in a decision problem ? 
who challenges the notion of the kuznets curve hypothesis ? 
besides public key cryptography , what is another application for prime numbers ? 
the corruption found by the committee of independent experts resulted to the creation of what office ? 
what are malum prohibitum considerations ? 
what type of interpretation of islam does salafism promote ? 
how did the plague infiltrate alexandria ? 
why did the demand for rentals decrease ? 
what club won 118 tournaments and 15 national championships ? 
when was kublai 's administration running out of money ? 
what does the currently flooded terrace still have visible ? 
what kind of representational system does the victorian legislative council have ? 
what type of process is the oxygen cycle ? 
what is the process of removing trees from a forest known as ? 
what might the amazon forest become if it passes the tipping point and starts to die ? 
why should disobedience by the general public be avoided ? 
which century was there a program to straighten the rhine ? 
which country in 1985 signed a treaty to give it special status ? 
what does salafism in its harshest form encourage its followers to view the religion of others with ? 
who argued that the ussr had itself become an imperialist power ? 
microplates squeezing and rotating created the features of what ? 
when did great britain claim australia ? 
what conditions must be met to prescribe a controlled substance ? 
an evaporative cooling tower is also referred to as what kind of cooling tower ? 
what country initially received the largest number of huguenot refugees ? 
what were casualties of battle ? 
how long has free movement and trade been central to european development ? 
what are mps unable to vote upon ? 
on what day does a general question time take place ? 
telnet was sold to 
what is the process by which the adaptive immune system is evaded by the chainging of non-essential epitopes called ? 
on what is victoria 's constitution based ? 
how many men did duquesne send to relieve saint-pierre ? 
who was the most influential researcher among those grappling with the deficit of work surrounding the complexity posed by algorithmic problems ? 
how many residential dorms house upper class , sophomore , jr , and sr students ? 
what were chao made out of ? 
what is the minimum amount of time before a bill can go into law ? 
in what form is oxygen transported in smaller containers ? 
what is an example of a controlled substance ? 
how many homes had bskyb 's direct-to-home satellite service available to them in 2010 ? 
by what method did maududi want to change the hearts and minds of individuals ? 
warsaw summer jazz days is one of the many what hosted by warsaw ? 
how many volumes does the john crerar library roughly hold ? 
how many research institutes does the university run on campus ? 
where were non-condensing direct-drive locomotives notably used for fast passenger trains ? 
about how many of the asian population was hmong ? 
what does coastal beriods use as teeth ? 
who purhcased the remaining 4 pacakages available to broadcasters ? 
when did the channel 4 documentary undercover mosque air ? 
when was a study conducted of swedish counties ? 
when did kublai attack xiangyang ? 
when did a plague-ridden ship land in norway ? 
the muslim brotherhood 's competence compares well against what type of local governments ? 
where was the 1857 riot ? 
what reasons cause failure of the disobedience with authorities ? 
who backed policies that have solutions that sound good but have poor prospects ? 
who is the governor of india 's central bank ? 
what are the first buildings the university built knows as today ? 
who was warsaw under the administration of when it came under the rule of the general goverment ? 
who formed the universal theory of gravitation ? 
what is the bielany forest the last remnant of ? 
in what year did priestley publish the findings of his experiments ? 
to what pathogen that causes gas gangrene is oxygen poisonous ? 
when did this leader publish a french language bible ? 
policies which try to control unemployment support economic growth because they reduce what ? 
who was responsible for the new building projects in jacksonville ? 
what is the name of the alphabet is most commonly used in a problem instance ? 
what does many workers willing to work for a lot of time competing for a job that only requires a few workers result in ? 
what is the full official city name of warsaw ? 
how often are elections for the counsel held ? 
what do isolated , spaced out graves of plague victims indicate ? 
the idea that islam can be apolitical is n't able to be embraced by whom ? 
what writing inspired the name great yuan ? 
how many companies were registered in warsaw in 2006 ? 
what type of turing machine is capable of multiple actions and extends into a variety of computational paths ? 
what did the mongol army throw in their catapults ? 
what does each packet includ in connectionless mode 
by whom is european law applied by ? 
what kind of destruction did the 1994 earthquake cause the most of in us history ? 
in the determination of complexity classes , what are two examples of types of turing machines ? 
how many companies were listed on the wse on august 2009 ? 
what country was under the control of norman barons ? 
in the most common construction procurement , who acts as the project coordinator ? 
when was the second oil crisis ? 
who is on the ipcc panel ? 
how long as the u.s. government been actively engaged in efforts to counter islamism ? 
what flood impacted the meuse ? 
who was the main proponent of the cellular theory of immunity ? 
what monarchy did western troops protect ? 
what is one main reason that civil disobedience is not recognized ? 
in the fall quarter of 2014 , how many students signed up for the university 's professional schools ? 
how many medieval warm period reconstructions covered 1,000+ years ? 
for what reason would someone avoid crimes while protesting ? 
thoreau argues that usually majority rules but their views collectively are sometimes ? 
when is the first reference in history to warsaw ? 
what does the acronym fis stand for ? 
in what town did bill aiken grow up ? 
there 's a rough border between switzerland and what other country formed by the rhine ? 
what type of income is the vast majority of the population dependent on ? 
which basin does the dust falls over into ? 
motion pictures , petroleum and aircraft manufacturing have been major industries since which decade ? 
what type of correlation was used previously to help date rock formations ? 
what is considered as a potential advantage for wealth for some americans ? 
where is d'olier street ? 
in u.s. states , what happens to the life expectancy in less economically equal ones ? 
what has successfully dealt with ozone depletion ? 
what is the main difference between online pharmacies and community pharmacies ? 
how is worst-case time complexity written as an expression ? 
what was the name of the set top box manufacturer that bskyb was having issues with ? 
when did england formally declare war on france ? 
what project did harvard halt due to the financial crisis ? 
what gas does the airline exothermic reaction produce ? 
what did a greedy merchant do to the mermaid ? 
what techniques can be used to determine paleotopography ? 
which year was the case commission v italy that dealt with cocoa products ? 
what type of value would the zeta function have if there were finite primes ? 
what dictionary contains a non- violent definition ? 
who was warsz ? 
who calculated the speed of light ? 
which article made provisions for concentrations or mergers and the abuse of a dominant position by companies ? 
how fast is pharmacy informatics growing ? 
what reconstructions supported the 1999 paper 's information ? 
who explained that inertial reference frames equaled reference frames subject to constant acceleration ? 
when did bskyb first announce their target goal ? 
which spanish officer established the settlement at st. augustine ? 
what was the period called that was 505 million years ago ? 
besides confucianism , buddhism , and islam , what religions were tolerated during the yuan ? 
in the process of vaccination , what is introduced in order to develop a specific immunity ? 
what part of france were the normans located ? 
in south africa , along with privately governed schools , what schools are classified as independent ? 
which people brought forward one of the earliest examples of civil disobedience ? 
which conjecture holds that for any positive integer n , there is an infinite amount of pairs of consecutive primes differing by 2n ? 
what body constitutes the supreme legislature of scotland ? 
in 1758 what was duc de choiseul 's plan for focused military efforts ? 
who ruled cyprus in 1191 ? 
levels of what things are used to determine emission factors ? 
which articles of the free movement of workers regulation set out the primary provisions on equal treatment of workers ? 
what tool do stratigraphers use to see their data in three dimensions ? 
how were the men who did tasks like those of today 's pharmacists viewed in japan in the asuka and nara periods ? 
what has islamism been increasingly interdependent with following the arab spring ? 
the rhine and what other river were accepted as the germanic frontier ? 
what percentage of filipino primary school students are in private schools ? 
in what sector are jobs beginning to decrease ? 
who are likely participants in creating an overall plan for the financial management of the building construction project ? 
what is the lake known as which was created by the rise of the andes mountains ? 
when was the dutch revolt ? 
who proclaimed the oil embargo ? 
has there ever been anyone charged with importing drugs from canada for personal medicinal use ? 
how many members are on the warsaw city counil ? 
what can the exhaust steam not fully do when the exhaust event is insufficiently long ? 
what is used by certain wealthy groups to obtain policies financially beneficial for them ? 
what applies to equally to constant velocity motion as it does to rest . 
where is energiprojekt ab based ? 
how many years have imperialistic practices existed ? 
what did european chemists make that could be used in warfare ? 
why was this short termed organization created ? 
what does graham twigg propose about the spread of disease ? 
what pope as a native of poland ? 
how many primes were included in derrick norman lehmer 's list of prime numbers ? 
what type of technology is the non organic separating of gases ? 
where were interviews held while the parliament was in its temporary building ? 
when was the charter for this church signed ? 
this type of system is known as 
according to the wealth concentration theory , what advantage do the wealthy have in accumulating new wealth ? 
when was victoria first settled ? 
which two groups have cells bound by inter-cell connections and membranes , muscles , a nervous system and sensory organs ? 
what are those from jacksonville sometimes called ? 
what happens when the immune system less active than normal ? 
what causes triplet oxygen to react slowly ? 
how much heavier is oxygen 18 than oxygen 16 ? 
on what theorem is the formula that frequently generates the number 2 and all other primes precisely once based on ? 
what company was formed by the merger of sky television and british satellite broadcasting ? 
what probiotic flora is found in unpasteurized yogurt ? 
what does education in an area where there is high demand for workers tend to create ? 
how many days does the council have to override the mayor 's veto ? 
what success did abercrombie gain out of the defeat at carillon ? 
what are the main sources of primary law ? 
in nepalese private schools , what is the primary language of instruction ? 
what is most of warsaw 's modern growth based on ? 
along with canada and the united kingdom , what country generally does n't refer to universities as private schools ? 
what is the goal of islamist groups like hezbollah and hamas ? 
who was the final prime minister of east germany ? 
how significant was the transfer of disease through fleas ? 
what was the average duty of a low-pressure watt engine ? 
the rocks at the grand canyon have been in place since when ? 
what institution does robert barro hail from ? 
working versions of 3d-printing building technology are already printing how much building material per hour ? 
if p is ultimately proven to be equal tot np , what effect would this have on the efficiency of problems ? 
who created an engine using high pressure steam in 1801 ? 
in what borough is there a neighborhood called huguenot ? 
how much lower was the north sea in the last cold phase than it is today ? 
what is a popular strolling destination for the varsovians ? 
full size working engines on what vehicles sometimes use oscillating cylinder steam engines ? 
what is the name of another algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of large numbers ? 
where by mass is oxygen a major part ? 
communication complexity is an example of what type of measure ? 
what was the accepted length of the rhine prior to 1932 ? 
what was first battle in 1754 ? 
when was the muslim brotherhood founded ? 
france laid siege to montpellier in what year ? 
what is the rhine called in french ? 
at what size and larger can drugs elicit a neutralizing immune response ? 
how many fraternities are apart of the university ? 
what health condition can deep sea diving cause ? 
construction involves the translation of what ? 
by justification certain racial and geographical theories , europe thought of itself as what ? 
what was the yuan dynasty called in mongolian ? 
what caused the us public to condemn the occupation of the philippines ? 
where was parliament 's temporary home whilst the permanent building was being built ? 
where did maududi exert the most impact ? 
what was datanet 1 
who decides how land or property is allowed to be used ? 
when did the plos pathogens paper come out ? 
what prestigious legal scholars are faculty members at harvard ? 
what are injectors used to supply ? 
what treaty took the place of constitutional treaty ? 
who used the church to unify themselves ? 
where was victoria first set to be located in australia ? 
who did the mongols give control of korea ? 
along with solar , coal and nuclear , what sort of plants notable use the rankine process ? 
what was the original name of california state university at fresno ? 
in the philippines , what percentage of secondary school students attend private schools ? 
what was the percentage of black or african-americans living in the city ? 
what institute published findings in september 2012 regarding the forbes richest 400 americans ? 
supplies from jacksonville were in support of which faction in the civil war ? 
governon robert dinwiddie had an investment in what significan company ? 
what religion were the normans 
in what year did harvard president joseph willard die ? 
what are the core treaties that the primary law of the eu consists of ? 
what was the north american portion of war of austrian succession ? 
what is the goal of individual civil disobedience ? 
what distinction does the bank of america tower hold ? 
when did kublai ban the international mongol slave trade ? 
in gebhard v consiglio ... milano , the requirements to be registered in milan before being able to practice law would be allowed under what conditions ? 
there was a 16th century huguenot settlement near what modern day florida city ? 
what mathematician was also apart of the university 's faculty ? 
according to the riemann hypothesis , all zeroes of the ζ-function have real part equal to 1/2 except for what values of s ? 
hutchinson hall was designed to look like what oxford hall ? 
what consortium was bskyb excluded from ? 
what would need to remain constant in a multiplication algorithm to produce the same outcome whether multiplying or squaring two integers ? 
besides constant flooding , why else was there regulation of the rhine ? 
up until 1990 , saudi arabia played an important role in restraining what groups ? 
who does edward said say is being attacked by us imperialism ? 
how much more oxygen dissolves at 0 degrees c than at 20 degrees c ? 
which border does the rhine flow from the south ? 
which plateau is the left part of warsaw on ? 
who established the amount of prime numbers in existence ? 
how is the judicial branch of the eu an important factor in the development of eu law ? 
what is attributed to the income inequality in the united states ? 
what is sometimes impossible to model ? 
what is the name of the desert city ? 
what is the active form of vitamin d known as ? 
what alumni member also write the bestseller before i fall ? 
what list was warsaw 's old town inscribed onto in 1980 ? 
who produced the first geological map of the u.s. ? 
who thought that applied force caused movement of an object regardless of non-zero velocity ? 
how many times did southern california attempt to achieve a separate statehood ? 
what percent of untreated victims of the plague die within 8 days ? 
where can one find the formerly huguenot farms in south africa ? 
what is the name of the book written by archeologist betty meggers ? 
what percentage of global assets does the richest 1 % of people have ? 
what is the mortality rate of the modern bubonic plague ? 
what is one of the most dangerous occupations in the world ? 
what did kublai do to prevent famines ? 
what is the name of the latest epoch ? 
of what form are rational primes ? 
what is the term for the original aboriginal people of victoria ? 
what is the highest peak in victoria ? 
what is a derogatory term for the christian academies that arose in the wake of school desegregation ? 
what is the field of studying immunogenicity through bioinformatics known as ? 
when did the il-khanate experiment with paper money ? 
which oil producer is a close ally of the united states ? 
how much dust is blown out of the sahara each year ? 
when did setanta sports say it would launch as a subscription service ? 
in what city is rangi ruru girls ' school ? 
hobson argued that imperialism was an international what ? 
what was the first us state to have compulsory education ? 
who was one of the most famous people born in warsaw ? 
in what state is the largest huguenot society located ? 
when did kublai move the mongol capital ? 
the los angeles rams are an example of what kind of sports team ? 
how are the compounds that contain oxygen considered in commerce ? 
what cultures were part of kublai 's administration ? 
what is one way to use pure speech to reach as much people as possible to protest ? 
according to oxfam , the 85 richest people have wealth equal to how many average people ? 
besides leibniz , what other mathematician proved the validity of fermat 's little theorem ? 
indigenous territories are largely being destroyed in what two ways ? 
to what may general global fields be transferred to or from ? 
imperialism extends a country 's power and what ? 
what does packet switching contrast with 
how many auricles do most species have ? 
what is the 16th century known as the start of ? 
the receptors on a killer t cell must bind to how many mhc : antigen complexes in order to activate the cell ? 
cells of the site of an infection in a plant undergo what process to prevent spread of the disease ? 
which section of the rhine is most factories found ? 
what type of delta is the rhine-meuse ? 
along with a desire for more steam pressure , what were early drivers looking to generate when they fastened safety valves down ? 
when did the high school education movement occur ? 
what is the source of oxygen production through electrocatalytic means ? 
when violence is used , what is civil disobedience sometimes called ? 
how might gravity effects be observed differently according to newton ? 
who was the first democratically elected president of egypt ? 
what is the name of world renowned cellist is a former harvard student ? 
in what year did the norman 's invade at bannow bay ? 
point conception is an example of a landmark among what boundary of southern california ? 
what third type of plea uses creative words ? 
what us war caused a high amount of civil disobedience ? 
what is william rankine 's nationality ? 
when did the formation of the holocene rhine-meuse delta begin ? 
what publication printed that the wealthiest 1 % have more money than those in the bottom 90 % ? 
what was a non-religious reason for the massacre ? 
other than warships , what ships typically required high speeds ? 
what did article 65 of the ecsc ban ? 
who has elected the president of warsaw since 1990 ? 
how high do plague fevers run ? 
what is the major us city that the is the university located ? 
how many teams did los angeles used to have ? 
where did mongke khan attack the song dynasty ? 
what rules does the ipcc have to follow ? 
the loss of edinburgh pentlands really disappointed whom the most ? 
what did the king do to regarding huguenot education ? 
what was a similar view about the asian continent called ? 
what type of microscope is used by petrologists ? 
what will concentrated oxygen greatly speed up ? 
how were leaders back in europe feeling about news from celeron expedition ? 
what did the the europeans think the peoples in the tropics were in need of ? 
who developed a successful steam engine indicator for charles porter ? 
how could human inequality be addressed without resulting in an increase of environmental damage ? 
what is another type of public key cryptography algorithm ? 
what brought warsaw 's stock exchange to a stop ? 
what is the lower house of the victorian parliament called ? 
on what show did bill aiken make is television debut ? 
how much saharan dust remains in the air over the amazon each year ? 
how would one describe the summers in fresno ? 
the academic body of the university is made up of how many professional schools ? 
comb like bands of cilia are called what ? 
what is the highest court in european union law ? 
what was ghandi 's work called ? 
where was the muslim brotherhood founded ? 
what percentage of victorians are christian ? 
what are the wave-particles called that mediate all electromagnetic phenomena ? 
what happens to the gdp growth of a country if the income share of the top 20 percent increases , according to imf staff economists ? 
who were otachi ? 
what was the name of watt 's partner ? 
what was the name of the other hd channel virgin media could carry in the future ? 
what are auricles ? 
which genus is considered the `` aunt '' of ctenophores ? 
what is the term that describes the difference between what higher paid and lower paid professionals earn ? 
who were the current rights holders for the primer league ? 
what type of number theory utilizes and studies prime ideals ? 
how are pharmacists regulated in most jurisdictions ? 
what is the minimum distance between a patient 's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician in austria to give out medicine ? 
what is the concrete choice typically assumed by most complexity-theoretic theorems ? 
what type of motivators are achievement and self determination considered ? 
what are two basic primary resources used to guage complexity ? 
what did davies want to build 
what period did the rhine capture streams ? 
who was new france 's governor ? 
what was used to create a new electromagnetic theory to reconcile the troubles with electromagnetic theory as it used to stand ? 
what is the largest main branch of the rhine ? 
in which case did the court of justice review swedish bans on advertising to young children under 12 ? 
what german poet was descended from huguenots ? 
what are the two integer responses to a decision problem ? 
cydippids combs are controlled by what ? 
a complete loss of rainforest cover may be caused by what type of emissions ? 
the aim of the french competition law was to do what ? 
about how many cubic meters of make-up water is used by a 700-megawatt coal-fired power plant for evaporative cooling hourly ? 
what president eliminated the christian position in the curriculum ? 
since when was the rhine part of the areal of hallstatt culture ? 
which directive mentioned was created in 1994 ? 
how long would the invasion of the middle east have to last in order to develop renewable resources ? 
what was the name of the time the upper rhine form a border between france and germany ? 
who acts as laborer , paymaster , and design team for a renovation project ? 
who was the director of the american geographical society in 1914 ? 
how much do researchers now think sea levels will rise from 1990 to 2100 ? 
who decides the fate of protesters most of the time ? 
what department in the u.s. spearheaded the efforts against islamism ? 
when dating rocks , what is the absolute isotopic date applied to ? 
what exists between fundamentalist islamism and reformist islamism ? 
immunological memory can take what two forms ? 
who do clinical pharmacists work with much of the time ? 
what was the name of the norman castle ? 
what is a reason for the movement to legalize importing medicines from other countries ? 
who led the mongolian borjigin clan ? 
who was the inventor of the atmospheric engine ? 
in the fall quarter of 2014 , how many students signed up for the university 's four graduate divisions ? 
where has the official home of the scottish parliament been since 2004 ? 
how many examination boards exist in india ? 
an igneous rock is a rock that crystallizes from what ? 
what was the name given to the undergraduate college 's liberal-arts curriculum ? 
within the eu , which court believes they have the final word deciding on eu 's competence ? 
how did william shirley feel about french advancement ? 
which entity developed the principles of european union law ? 
what is a main tributary to the rhine that goes through northeastern france and part of belgium ? 
when did the european council task an entity with drafting a european charter of human rights ? 
how was scarcity managed in many countries ? 
what is the largest ctenophore ? 
when year was the maastrich treaty signed ? 
where was shirey going to be when fort oswego was to be attacked ? 
what is an example of a steam-powered automobile ? 
what does the internal cavity contain ? 
what is the name of the team from usc ? 
what name was given to the plot to usurp power from the french house of guise ? 
what does isobaric mean ? 
what tends to lead to more money ? 
what did warsz own ? 
in which case was a dutch national not entitled to continue receiving benefits when he moved to belgium ? 
who did warsaw serve as the seat for in 1529 ? 
when was the brotherhood first banned in egypt ? 
who is eligible to toss their name in the hat to be first minister ? 
what was the significance of victory at forth niagara for british ? 
what characteristic identifies the french ancestry of some south africans ? 
downtown santa monica and downtown glendale are a part of which area ? 
what impacts gender inequality in wages ? 
how many divisions are required to verify the primality of the number 37 ? 
what entities are included in the federal health care system ? 
how many victorians are buddhist ? 
at first , what did oxygen and iron combine to form ? 
how many vice presidents are in the board of trustees ? 
what party is favored in bedigo and geelong ? 
what chemist managed to make enough liquid oxygen to use for study ? 
what is another term used for year 13 ? 
after ww-ii where did russia apply its old tsarist regimes ? 
what is the name of the co-ed community service fraternity ? 
when iqbal promoted ideas of greater islamic political unity , what did he encourage ending ? 
which article allows the european council to govern mergers between firms ? 
what is the number of constituency msps ? 
compared to other elements , how abundant does oxygen rank ? 
what dynasties inspired the chinese-like elements of kublai 's government ? 
how long did plague last in the ottoman empire ? 
as a person gets older , what does the skin produce less of ? 
what gave priestley the claim to being the first discovered of oxygen ? 
what is the english translation of kunskapsskolan ? 
what class is most commonly not ascribed to the graph isomorphism problem in spite of definitive determination ? 
what is the name of the student improvisational theater troupe ? 
what is the name of the holding company for bskyb ? 
what does paul krugmen think has had an observable effect on inequality in the u.s. ? 
what alumni is also the governor of the bank of japan ? 
dec originally had 3 layers but evolved into how many layers 
in what theory is the idea of a number exchanged with that of an ideal ? 
what percentage of private school students go to catholic schools ? 
what is a protein that is closely intertwined with circadian rhythms ? 
who are commonly associated with the algorithm typically considered the most effective with respect to finite polynomial hierarchy and graph isomorphism ? 
how much did saudi arabia spend on spreading wahhabism ? 
what molecules are parts of the body of an organism in immunology ? 
the european court of justice can not uphold measures that are incompatible with what ? 
what dual titles did frederick william hold ? 
when was the gerald ratner athletics center constructed ? 
how are decisions made on behave of the eu made ? 
what period did plates reverse directions to compress the tethys floor ? 
what are the little tentacles that cydippids have called ? 
there is a public database of epitopes for pathogens known to be recognizable by what cells ? 
how many people did the islamic state control the territory of as of march 2015 ? 
when was the military-political complex reflected upon within the scope of understanding imperialism ? 
who was the 4th to rule the yuan dynasty ? 
what state in australia is the center of dairy farming ? 
what were the structures built by the soviets typical of ? 
what type of engines became popular for power generation after piston steam engines ? 
was the school officially associated with any denomination ? 
how has this debate been proven ? 
when was there a sharp rise in nationalism in scotland ? 
what concept , originally discovered by black , was later discovered independently by watt ? 
what is the seldom used force unit equal to one thousand newtons ? 
what do all but one platycenida species lack ? 
what does increasing inequality harm ? 
who studies the expected monetary flow over the life of the project and to monitor the payouts throughout the process ? 
which ipcc author criticized the tar ? 
what set the stage for merits role in nsfnet 
where was the famous artist tamara de lempicka born ? 
there were many mongols with what unexpected status ? 
what are those with lower incomes less likely to have in order to prepare for the future ? 
what was the soviet union trying to suppress with its army ? 
what field involves the study of the immune system ? 
what cell type is also used for immune response in most types of invertebrate life ? 
which company provided streetcar connections between downtown and the hospital ? 
what is the translation of siebengebirge ? 
what instrument is used to examine steam engine performance ? 
what are eu regulations essentially the same as in the case mentioned ? 
whose former headquarters was the wse located in until 2000 ? 
what types of waves do seismologists use to image the interior of the earth ? 
how much was the combined wealth of the `` 10 million dollar millionaires '' in 2008 ? 
which entities have had to develop principles dedicated to conflict resolution between laws of different systems ? 
what does the rhine merge with outside of germany ? 
what do the treaties generally limit ? 
besides the north sea and the irish channel , what else was lowered in the last cold phase ? 
what type of theater do the neighborhoods feature ? 
why has the rhine been shortened ? 
how old most a person be to apply to be an msp ? 
what is it called when steam propels a turbo generator with electric motor propulsion ? 
where is the rhine bridge ? 
what disagreement did montcalm and indians have ? 
outside of livestock , what else was considered a major industry in the agriculture regions ? 
what is terra preta called ? 
what was the colonia agrippina 's original name ? 
what are the eight comb rows on the outer surface called ? 
what does ctenophora use for digestion and respiration ? 
how many individual libraries make up the main school library ? 
what is an autoimmune disease that affects women preferentially ? 
what is the first major city in the course of the rhine ? 
where is the jazz jamboree hosted ? 
how is packet switching charecterized 
under which leader did the huguenots fight in this conflict ? 
who was the first european to travel the entire length of the amazon river ? 
what is partially responsible for weakened immune response in older individuals ? 
what made the oil crisis worse in the us ? 
when did british begin to build fort under william trent ? 
why were the initial suggestions for a devolved parliament before 1914 shelved ? 
the social chapter is a chapter of what treaty ? 
previous to isotopic dating sections of rocks had to be dated using fossils and stratigraphic correlation relative to what ? 
where is the airport located ? 
who wanted israel to withdraw from its border ? 
what kind of sending technology is being used to protect tribal lands in the amazon ? 
analysis of what kind of deposits from the amazon fan indicates a change in rainfall in the amazon basin ? 
what did virgin media concentrate on instead of offering linear channels ? 
what is colonialism 's core meaning ? 
which regions have temperate climates ? 
what kind of measurements define accelerlations ? 
savannah areas expanded over the last how many years ? 
besides britain and north america , where else did huguenot refugees settle ? 
who was the chief executive officer when the service began ? 
who patented a steam engine in 1781 ? 
which country faced a complete embargo in the eec ? 
to what is singlet oxygen more reactive ? 
even in large firms , architects , interior designers , engineers , developers , construction managers , and general contractors were more likely to be what ? 
in what type of water does oxygen dissolve more slowly ? 
what can people work towards if they are n't denied their functionings , capabilities and agency ? 
what region of the rhine was changed by the rhine straightening program ? 
where was the gate of king hugo ? 
what individual is the school named after ? 
what channel replaced sky travel ? 
above what horsepower are steam turbines usually more efficient than steam engines that use reciprocating pistons ? 
where does the name rhine derive from ? 
the university established a center in beijing in what year ? 
how much did sky bid to win the 4 broadcast pacakges they bought ? 
what are associated with normal forces ? 
what does the urban education institute help run ? 
who used imperialism during their rule of the mongol empire ? 
there are direct contractual links between who ? 
what will cause the lake near the rhine to silt up ? 
vice president agnew describes civil disobedience in what activities ? 
what is the yuan dynasty 's official name ? 
what famous civil rights leader called harvard home ? 
when was the sierra sky park airport formed ? 
in 1932 what was the rhine measurement changed to ? 
after the dornbirner ach was diverted , where does the rhine flow now ? 
what was an example of a type of warship that required high speed ? 
how many of jacksonville 's city residents are younger than 18 ? 
the rhine flowed through swabia , franconia and what other location in the 10th century ? 
what concept did philosophers in antiquity use to study simple machines ? 
what rituals did kublai follow to help his image ? 
the two listed teams play for which ncaa group ? 
what is the throat called ? 
when was the ability to use radioactive isotopes to date rock formations developed ? 
what group of civil disobedients brought medicine to iraq without the permission of the government ? 
ciliary rosettes pump water into what to control buoyancy ? 
what was hero of alexandria 's nationality ? 
what gauge of rail lines do two tourist lines use ? 
there were many chinese with what unexpected status ? 
what is the name of one impressive continuation of the fermat primality test ? 
how long ago was it when the water broke through the purus arch ? 
cytokine tbf-b suppresses the activity of what cell types ? 
who described a steam turbine in 1629 ? 
what is the most common cause of immunodeficiency in developing nations ? 
who said people involved in the ozone situation had `` a better understanding of scientific ignorance and uncertainties '' ? 
what type of fossils were found in china ? 
what is an important factor contributing to inequality for individuals ? 
what is the total cost of attendance in 2012-13 ? 
what does the sea monster with a female upper body hold in its claws ? 
what victory at thwarted efforts of french relief ships . 
what party forms the scottish parliament ? 
what type of compounds such as acetone , contain oxygen ? 
what type of engines does the american car typically have ? 
what town was actually granted to the huguenots on arrival ? 
what enzymes in saliva are antibacterial in nature ? 
how has civil disobedience evolved in current times ? 
other than the ijssel , where does the water from the pannerdens kanaal redsitrubute ? 
over how many studies have shown that violence is more common in societies with income differences ? 
what had bhutto planned on banning within six months , before he was overthrown ? 
more in the present prevalence of civil disobedience has turned and said to be ? 
what river is larger than the rhine ? 
what is the name of one algebraic generalization prime numbers have inspired ? 
how far is fresno city college from the tower district ? 
who demonstrated that p= np implies problems not present in p or np-complete ? 
what spacecraft contained data to determine the oxygen content of the sun ? 
brownlee argues that sometimes people behave in what way to have their issue heard ? 
what is the lowest recorded temperature in victoria ? 
what does an increase in the income share of the bottom 20 percent of people of a society result in ? 
when was the ipcc trust fund founded ? 
which diseases do many scientists believe contributed to plague pandemic ? 
other than its main central business district , where are the majority of san diego 's business districts located ? 
in 1942 , what was north fresno previously called ? 
who thought that the yuan 's social class system should n't be called social classes ? 
what does the first minister deliver at the beginning of each parliamentary year ? 
complexity theory classifies problems based on what primary attribute ? 
what is the lower canal regulation of the rhine ? 
orientalism refers to how the west developed a what of the east ? 
what year was the ecsc agreement established ? 
some species of beroe have a pair of strips of adhesive cells on the stomach wall . what does it do ? 
what is the full name of the aser ? 
who included 1 as the first prime number in the mid 18th century ? 
what are weak and electromatic forces expressions of ? 
how many dairy cows are there in australia ? 
when did maududi found the jamaat-e-islami party ? 
what historical figure was jacksonville named after ? 
what organization predicted that the amazon forest could survive only three years of drought ? 
where do platycenida live ? 
in what state is oxygen shipped in bulk ? 
which phylum is more complex than sponges ? 
what natives were displaced by british takeover in florida ? 
what division offers more then one branch of studies that do n't fit in with the other four ? 
who did britain exploit in india ? 
what type of wages result from jobs where there is low supply but high demand ? 
what was extent of celeron 's expedition ? 
where is the famous rock the rhine flows around ? 
what was the chinese name for the central secretariat ? 
what percentage of seats did political parties identifying as islamist win in the egyptian parliamentary election of 2011-2012 ? 
what lead to the uk to subscribe to the agreement on social policy ? 
how long did the fighting last in seven years war ? 
the spin of what can produce a magnetic effect to oxygen molecules ? 
what does the utilitarian principle seek for the greatest number of people ? 
where was french withdrawal to ? 
why are the small lakes in the parks emptied before winter ? 
if input size is is equal to n , what can respectively be assumed is the function of n ? 
what was the most important discovery that led to the understanding that earth 's lithosphere is separated into tectonic plates ? 
what are the main threats facing the amazon rainforest in the current century ? 
who fought in the french and indian war ? 
what is the shortened name of the annual yacht race that takes place ? 
what are colloblasts ? 
what did alec shelbrooke propose payments of benefits to be made on ? 
how did chinese medicine spread ? 
where did montcalm move his heaquarter to show strategic advancement ? 
what was the dutch leader 's religious affiliation ? 
when was the ipcc third assessment report published ? 
what author argues pitching the conscience versus the collective ? 
in the effort of maintaining a level of abstraction , what choice is typically left independent ? 
when did henry issue the edict of nantes ? 
what is the second level of territorial division in poland ? 
how do you avoid problems when determining forces involved on an object from two or more sources ? 
what storm had the most significant impact on jacksonville ? 
the region spans which mountains other than the transverse ranges ? 
trotsky thought what was needed for a true russian revolution . 
what is kmj now referred to ? 
whose army liberated warsaw in 1806 ? 
what is it estimated that about half of all variation in homicide rates can be accounted for by ? 
what is a particular problem in biology that would benefit from determining that p = np ? 
what un resolution endorsed the ipcc ? 
what is the latin name for black death ? 
what department did kublai create to train doctors ? 
in what year was the first known experiments on combustion and air conducted ? 
in what year was the interstate highway system created ? 
what compounds can be masked with the molecules of the host cell in order for a virus to evade detection ? 
what are harvard 's pell grant reserves ? 
what did saudi arabia try to repress to compensate for its loss of stature ? 
if q=9 and a=3,6 or 9 , how many primes would be in the progression ? 
what was william johnson 's role in british military ? 
what is 565 °c the creep limit of ? 
when did the name black death officially take root in england ? 
how many people were registered to receive the hd service prior to launch ? 
what is polish for `` mermaid '' ? 
the amazon rainforest makes up what amount of earth 's rainforests ? 
what generally dictates the construction materials used ? 
what receptors do tumor cells often have reduced concentrations of ? 
who set up what became the second polish republic ? 
what year did the university open a center in hong kong ? 
when was geegen the emperor ? 
infrastructure is often called what ? 
what was abu hamaz al-masri charged with when he was arrested ? 
what does ctenophore use to capture prey ? 
killer t cells can only recognize antigens coupled to what kind of molecules ? 
between which two streets along kearney boulevard were wealthy african-americans at one time residing ? 
which findings suggested that the region was densely populated ? 
any even number larger than what can not be considered prime ? 
what interpretation of islam is , for many of the adherents , the `` gold standard '' of their religion ? 
when did mechlin lace develop ? 
when was the first known historical reference to immunity ? 
when people take on debt , it leads potentially to what ? 
name a type of toyota compact trucks ? 
how many reptiles have been discovered in the amazon region ? 
the design team is most commonly employed by who ? 
an illustrated , paraphrased version of this appeared when ? 
what did the number of legions in roman times depend on ? 
what computational problem is commonly associated with prime factorization ? 
what company agreed to terminate high court proceedings with bskyb ? 
what is the name of the museum and research center for near eastern studies , that is owned by the university ? 
what percentage of farmland grows wheat ? 
what proclamation gave huguenots special privileges in brandenburg ? 
how many housing units were there in 2000 ? 
what does the film of oxide on metals delay ? 
who presented the mac to the scottish parliament when it was initially opened ? 
what is the chemical that mediates type 1 hypersensitivity ? 
mps representing english constituencies can only veto laws affecting which country ? 
when did carl wilhelm scheele discover oxygen ? 
who sets the work agenda and allocates time in the chamber ? 
how do competing businesses attract workers ? 
beroida are known by what other name ? 
who was the first european to travel the amazon river ? 
what feature of the amazon made people believe it could n't have many inhabitants ? 
how fast do objects fall on earth ? 
who has design authority over all of the digital satellite receivers that are capable of using their service ? 
name a luxury division of toyota . 
sky uk limited is formerly known by what name ? 
how many degrees south did the amazon rainforest reach from 66-34 mya ? 
what day of the week does the time for reflection take place ? 
what genus has self-fertilization been seen ? 
where was marin 's second fort constructed ? 
the french and indian war was the new world aspect of what european conflict ? 
which theorem would be invalid if the number 1 were considered prime ? 
generally speaking , what size are the earthquakes that hit southern california ? 
what are the 3 post popular libraries for undergraduates in the harvard system ? 
what was the name of the experiment that tested how life originated ? 
when is the oldest recorded incident of civil disobedience ? 
how much did the gross agricultural product increase from 2003-04 ? 
what experiences acceleration when external force is applied to a system ? 
why is breathing oxygen in space craft not dangerous to health ? 
which group of ctenophore are are hardest to study ? 
what year was the maastricht treaty signed ? 
what award was given to corliss ? 
what han chinese leader defected to the mongols ? 
eicosanoids include what compounds that result in fever and blood vessel dilation ? 
what are the secondary sources of primary law ? 
if np is not equal to p , viewed through this lens , what type of problems can also be considered intractable ? 
what type of protest falls under civil disobedience without aggression ? 
long-lived memory cells can remember previous encounters with what ? 
how many cities in southern california have over 200,000 residents ? 
what drove residents to quieter suburban housing ? 
what is located within this district ? 
what were the origins of the raouliii family ? 
how did the united states plan to subdue imperialistic tendencies ? 
after 1935 , who would be forbidden to enter rhineland ? 
what type of wages do people unable to afford an education receive ? 
what is the name of the donor who helped establish the hutchinson commons ? 
what was a long term goal of french foreign policy along the rhine ? 
what army did warsaw successfully defend itself against ? 
what must be done to make non public lawbreaking acknowledged as civil disobedience ? 
how much does the rhine discharge at the dutch border ? 
why are newly discovered oil sold at a higher price ? 
at which level of education is this sport becoming more popular ? 
stephen eilmann demonstrates covert law breaking in nazi germany . citizen 's illegally had been doing what ? 
what did nsfnet eventually provide 
who noted the different current uses of civil disobedience ? 
in what year was hatmanis and stearn 's seminal work in computational complexity received ? 
if q=9 and a=1,2,4,5,7 , or 8 , how many primes would be in a progression ? 
in which etude of neumes rythmiques do the primes 41 , 43 , 47 and 53 appear in ? 
what buildings held the milton friedman institute ? 
what do gravitational forces act between ? 
what does the wessel-datteln canal run parallel to ? 
in what year was henry ware elected to chair ? 
who is the founder of modern community organizing ? 
what was apolitical islam ? 
in april 2014 , how many new zealand students attended private schools ? 
what is engineering news-record ? 
a single line connects san bernardino , riverside and what other county ? 
what is an example of a problem that rests within the np complexity class ? 
which two leading roles did audra mcdonald perform when she was in high school ? 
what working fluid is used in a mercury vapor turbine ? 
in dioxygen how are the two oxygen atoms bonded together ? 
where did two of triton 's daughters set out on a journey through ? 
what social construct did huguenot refugees in canterbury practice ? 
in what year did fresno experience the most rainfall ? 
what was the first british empire based on ? 
who discovered that magnetic and electric could self-generate ? 
what was the most notable publication of tugh 's academy ? 
where do plenary meetings take place ? 
about what year was the atmospheric engine invented ? 
what seldom used term of a unit of force equal to 1000 pound s of force ? 
what do the former midlothian county buildings face ? 
how many counties initially made up the definition of southern california ? 
what do x.25 and frame relay both require 
what other digital tv service took sky uk limited 's most popular spot ? 
who discovered pottery found on black hammock island ? 
what are two examples of different types of reduction ? 
what direction did watson say the mistake went in ? 
who normally supervises a construction job ? 
what carries a significant amount of the rhine flow through france ? 
what was the population density in 2000 ? 
what is the origin of clinical pharmacy ? 
what material 's weight gain during rusting was an early clue that philogiston theory was wrong ? 
who can question statements the first minister or members of the cabinet make ? 
how many professional schools does the university of chicago have ? 
who is the patron saint of the huguenots ? 
what was the fresno fairgrounds used as ? 
the immune system protects organisms against what ? 
who is a bill referred to for a ruling on whether it 's within the powers of the parliament ? 
what president of the university transformed it into a modern research university ? 
when did the series of strikes happen ? 
what was the english title of polo 's book ? 
against what does reactive oxygen play in plant defense ? 
what is one example of a unique factorization domain ? 
pressures greater than what can lead to convulsions ? 
what was the name of the first huguenot outpost in south carolina ? 
what egyptian president jailed thousands of members of the brotherhood ? 
what should be the main goal of not using punishment in a just system ? 
what type of sanctions has the us directed at iran ? 
what is the glacial alpine valley known as ? 
besides the study of prime numbers , what general theory was considered the official example of pure mathematics ? 
what were isaac 's chains made out of ? 
what is the bassin de compensation de plobsheim in alsace ? 
who said barton 's investigation was `` misguided and illegitimate '' ? 
who did the yuan 's increase in commerce help ? 
gateways allowed private companies to do what 
where was the centrifugal governor first observed by boulton ? 
what are the exchanged particles predicted by the standard model ? 
what jacksonville community is known for having heavy ties to the navy ? 
where did aristotle believe the natural place for earth and water elements ? 
how do bills pass through parliament ? 
what is the name given to the university 's main library ? 
how much can the sp alter income tax in scotland ? 
in what way did lavoisier see that the tin he used in his experiment had increased ? 
how much of poland 's national income does warsaw produce ? 
when was the national highway designated act signed ? 
what administration did ludwig mies van der rohe designa buiding ? 
what does the ipcc not do ? 
living from 973–1048 ce he was one of the earliest persian geologists , what was his name ? 
how was the population of mnemiopsis in the black sea and the sea of azov brought under control ? 
what is the derivative of an object 's changing momentum called ? 
what gearing was used on steam turbine marine engines in the 20th century ? 
what is the name of the first aviation community built ? 
what is the name of the organization in charge of running the clubs at the university ? 
what do people with lower income have less access to ? 
what administrative division did kublai leave unmodified ? 
what is a ctenophora ? 
who invented the first nuclear reactor ? 
which tfeu article defines the ordinary legislative procedure that applies for majority of eu acts ? 
in what year did lavoisier publish his work on combustion ? 
what enables the scottish parliament to scrutinize the government ? 
what tribes supported british ? 
in modern times , firms may offer themselves as what for a construction project ? 
where are many hospital pharmacies located ? 
who appoints the board of the european central bank ? 
what helps the process of free movement of goods ? 
how tall is the bank of america tower ? 
how are the certain costs which are difficult to avoid shared ? 
evolution of what part of the immune system occurred in the evolutionary ancestor of jawed vertebrates ? 
after apartheid , what types of schools are referred to as `` model c '' schools ? 
how many people belong to the university 's board of trustees ? 
at what temperature will oxygen condense ? 
how many television and radio channels could the new digital service carry ? 
what molecule does the sun have in higher proportion than earth ? 
when was the latin version of the word norman first recorded ? 
what are two examples of cytotoxic or immunosuppressive drugs ? 
how many tons of live plants were found to live in one square kilometer of the amazon rainforest in 1999 ? 
who took up the path of violence ? 
what happens to the packet at the destination 
after what event did the spanish concede florida to britain ? 
what is it called when the tax rate and base amount increase simultaneously ? 
when was the final legislative proposals for a scottish assembly passed ? 
pitt 's plan called for what attacks ? 
what is one type of public key cryptography algorithm ? 
other than downtown san bernardino , and university town , what is the name of another business district in the san bernardino-riverside area ? 
at what degree are the pistons of a two-cylinder compound connected to the cranks ? 
how many settlers original settled in manakintown ? 
what was the very first television station to broadcast in fresno ? 
what did kllbrandon 's report in 1973 recommend establishing ? 
in cases with shared medium how is it delivered 
why did the university eventually leave the conference ? 
how many seats does victoria have in the senate ? 
where on earth is free oxygen found ? 
what other entity was established at the same time as the european convention on human rights ? 
what industry did the nobleman establish with this settlement ? 
when would a person be considered to be excising a constitutional impasse ? 
in what year was fort coligny destroyed ? 
what military impact did huguenot immigration have on frederick 's army ? 
what act set out the parliament 's powers as a devolved legislature ? 
how many bits are typically used in the primes for the diffie–hellman key exchange ? 
who has criticized ordering from online pharmacies that do n't require prescriptions ? 
when did the siege of antioch take place ? 
where do a majority of consultant pharmacists tend to work ? 
how was the rhine gorge formed ? 
which airport is home to the busiest single runway in the world ? 
what implication can be derived for p and np if p and co-np are established to be unequal ? 
who was the duke in the battle of hastings ? 
what did the richest 400 americans have as children that helped them be successful adults ? 
what is used to quantify the intuitive undestanding of forces ? 
what type of punishment is sometimes offered to civil disobedients ? 
besides africa , where did germany have imperial interests ? 
what is the main reason consulting pharmacists are increasingly working directly with patients ? 
how many seats does victoria have in the australian house of representatives ? 
of what length are engine cycle events when the simplest valve gears are used ? 
when did tides and currents similar to our current system begin ? 
where do cicadas spend the majority of their lives ? 
for most organisms , what is the dominant system of defense ? 
how many customaries does norman customary law have ? 
what did the 18th century huguenot group call themselves ? 
what effect does trade with richer countries have on the workers in poorer countries ? 
did the european court of justice rule the defendant in the case of commission v. edith cresson broke any laws ? 
how many seats must a political party have to be represented on the parliamentary bureau ? 
what non-chinese empire did the yuan dynasty succeed ? 
what kinds of sciences were social darwinism and theories of race ? 
how many modern types of primality tests for general numbers n are there ? 
where is the hyde park day school located ? 
how many schools of medicine were recognized in china ? 
what did the works council directive require ? 
colonial rule would be considered what type of imperialism ? 
decision problems capable of being solved by a deterministic turing machine while maintaining adherence to polynomial time belong to what class ? 
what is the speed limit set to reduce consumption ? 
which party is strongest in victoria 's northwestern and eastern regions ? 
what columbia president went to harvard ? 
if the apparant force of two fermions is repulsive , what is the spin function ? 
many construction companies are now placing more emphasis on what ? 
what can sympathetic jurors in cases with civil disobedients ? 
how many same-sex married couples or partnerships were there ? 
drop in the blood levels of cortisol and epinephrine results in increase levels of what hormones ? 
which park is home to the kearney mansion ? 
what day of the week are general elections held ? 
what is stage 1 in the life of a bill ? 
the average contractor hired how many employees ? 
what was the capital of the ottoman empire ? 
in what constituent country of the united kingdom is merthyr tydfil located ? 
in what year did savery patent his steam pump ? 
what describes the proportionality of acceleration to force and mass ? 
within the 30 days how many digiboxes had been sold ? 
in what does the doctrine of legitimate expectations have roots ? 
of what form are mersenne primes ? 
what is another word for centripetal force ? 
what service did bskyb chare additional subscription fees for ? 
what is the most well-known algorithm associated with the integer factorization problem ? 
who may change the date by up to a month , on the proposal of the po ? 
a molecular phylogeny analysis confirmed that cydippid are not what ? 
according to fermat 's theorem , what period does 1/p always have assuming p is prime that is not 2 or 5 ? 
what is one of the largest and most modern oncological institutions in europe ? 
during the compression stage of the rankine cycle , what state is the working fluid in ? 
what have studies on income inequality sometimes found evidence confirming ? 
at the time , countries such as spain did n't have a crime against what ? 
what is the name of the residential treatment program the university runs ? 
what does the national museum boast having from adolf hitler 's private collection ? 
where are issues like abortion and drug policy legislated on ? 
what do a and b represent in a gaussian integer expression ? 
when did the syrian civil war begin ? 
who may seek changes or exemptions in the law that governs the land where the building will be built ? 
how is the process of allocating seats repeated until all available seats have been determined ? 
which bound of time is more difficult to establish ? 
which sized cars were the least demanded cars in the crisis ? 
what is a quarter of warsaw filled with ? 
what needs to be larger to get the same work out of lower pressure steam ? 
what does less education lead to when working ? 
what did foreign clones of datapac allow for 
prior to the arrival of the french , the area now known as jacksonville was previously inhabited by what people ? 
how is oxygen ranked as abundant in the universe ? 
who provides the bill of quantities ? 
how did the mongols acquire chinese printing technology ? 
what is a type of disobedience against the federal government ? 
what is a main duty of the gphc ? 
who was the famous huguenot theologian and writer in london ? 
what city , raided by clans and dukes , preceded the founding of warszowa ? 
when was the first sino-japanese war ? 
who did the us provide aid to , to fight against the soviet union ? 
what was the price of oil in march of 1974 ? 
what do germans call private schools ? 
why did natural sedimentation by the rhine compensate the transgression bby the sea ? 
what are other alternative names for french and indian war ? 
what was the pedestrian mall renamed ? 
what type of cascade results when complement proteins bind to microbes and activate their protease activity ? 
how many people were in british north american colonies ? 
what separates the neuroimmune system and peripheral immune system in humans ? 
who organized the trees of the amazon into four categories ? 
how many times more did the other nations have to pay for oil after the surprise attack ? 
what happened with the ground water level with the rhine straightening program ? 
when did the english high court find microsoft 's use of the term `` skydrive '' infringed on sky 's right ? 
what is one function that prime numbers have that 1 does not ? 
what is harvard 's most intense rival ? 
which is older the british empire or the ethiopian empire ? 
along with toys , where are oscillating cylinder steam engines typically used ? 
what project structures assist the owner in integration ? 
how many sororities belong to the national panhellenic conference ? 
what type of locomotive was salamanca ? 
what is the name of the tv scrambling system bskyb uses ? 
what is a secondary goal of pleading not guilty ? 
when was the construction that changed the rhine 's delta ? 
where does two thirds of the rhine flow outside of germany ? 
what is located on the site of the weaving house currently ? 
the innate immune system responds in a generic way , meaning it is what ? 
how many tree species are in the rainforest ? 
what is sometimes more effective than civil disobedience at times ? 
who refused to act until loudoun approved plans ? 
which part of china had people ranked lower in the class system ? 
what is a growing sport in southern california ? 
what type of civil disobedience is accompanied by aggression ? 
what did paul baran develop in the late 1950 's 
which name is also used to describe the amazon rainforest in english ? 
what limits the rankine cycle 's efficiency ? 
what are white blood cells known as ? 
what can work to even the distribution of wealth ? 
what is the upper range of annual fees for non-boarding students in british public schools ? 
what does photosynthesis release into the earth 's atmosphere ? 
what act sets the term for judging the boundaries of sanity to which individuals wishing to sit on the sp must adhere ? 
if an extraordinary election is held within less than six months before the date of an ordinary election , what does it do to the ordinary election ? 
what is an islamic revival movement ? 
how many public charter schools does the university run ? 
which theory states that earth 's features remained unchanged after forming in one single catastrophic event ? 
what organization runs the satellite that measured dust that landed on the amazon ? 
what are two types of phagocytes that travel through the body to find invading pathogens ? 
what is the most commonplace model utilized in complexity theory ? 
the transportation law allows personal aircraft to share the roadways with what ? 
how are the particle forces and accelerations explained as by gauge bosons exchange ? 
what kind of cell identifies pathogens when the antibodies on its surface complex with a specific foreign antigen ? 
in which two codes were the roles of pharmacists codified ? 
what members typically open debates ? 
how many people died in the outbreak of 1471 ? 
what troops attacked fort william henry in early 1757 ? 
in what year was the alan turing 's definitional model of a computing device received ? 
what does the highest level of the vistula plateau contain ? 
how did the 2001 ipcc report compare to reality on sea levels ? 
where and when did the investigation of the plague pathogen begin ? 
at what temperature do weak and electromagnetic forces appear the same ? 
what is qed short for ? 
what term referred to middle class citizens leaving the suburbs ? 
what form of oxygen is composed of three oxygen atoms ? 
what is another word for the earth 's upper mantle ? 
how long is the section that turns north ? 
in what year did one individual suggest classifying the trees of the amazon into four categories ? 
where is the aboral organ located ? 
what has to accounted for that causes no net force being the cause of constant velocity motion ? 
what alumni was also obama 's campaign adviser ? 
what caused changes in the amazon rainforest vegetation ? 
some of the income went to the purchase of arms which exacerbated political tension especially in which area ? 
how many tons of dust remains in the air ? 
haeckelia prey mostly on what animal ? 
who reigned over the ottoman empire when it was at its most powerful . 
bedau notes that illegal protests towards public policy may serve as what purpose ? 
what do pharmacy technicians depend on more and more ? 
what civilization did the pottery belong to ? 
how else can petrologists understand the pressures at which different mineral phases appear ? 
in order to be considered in the top percentile , a person would need to amass how much money each year ? 
james hutton published a 2 volume version of his theories in what year ? 
who allegedly haunted the gate ? 
how many nations control this region in total ? 
what language did the court of justice accept to be required to teach in a dublin college in groner v minister for education ? 
what did vbns do 
how do socialists think the means of production should be owned ? 
what provides a solution to a list of integers provided as input that ned to be sorted ? 
how did some suspect that polo learned about china instead of by actually visiting it ? 
what is the irish term for private schools ? 
who proposed that innate intertial is the natural state of objects ? 
which famous indian practiced civil disobedience ? 
enr used data on what to rank top 400 firms as heavy contractors ? 
though unkown , what are the most commonly ascribed attributes of l in relation to p 
who was genghis 's 3rd son ? 
where did france win a war in the 1950 's 
which book by edward said portrayed the east as being the `` others ? '' 
who was the speaker of the tribal council ? 
within what variable is l constrained according to the space hierarchy theorem ? 
what american actor is also a university graduate ? 
when rock formations are found on top of a fault that have not been cut , then they must be older or younger than the fault ? 
what did the loss mean to france ? 
who ordered the stern review ? 
in what area of this british colony were huguenot land grants ? 
what is victoria 's largest non-christian religion ? 
what is also decided by the presiding officer ? 
which parts of the earth are included in the lithosphere ? 
a formal design team may be assembled to do what ? 
what did this agreement do ? 
what percentage of australia 's dairy cattle are found in victoria ? 
which gender is more populous across all groups in jacksonville ? 
when was warsaw completely razed to the ground by bombing raids ? 
what did biraben say about the plague in europe ? 
when have humans started impacting the delta ? 
what force acts on an object suspended on a spring scale in addition to gravity ? 
what is the lone mls team that belongs to southern california ? 
what theorem states that the probability that a number n is prime is inversely proportional to its logarithm ? 
what do coastal beroids not have that other ctenophora have ? 
when many people are arrested , what is a common tactic negotiating ? 
what mongolian system did kublai 's government compromise with ? 
who is the vice-chair of the ipcc ? 
what compounds in the stomach protect against ingested pathogens ? 
what london neighborhood attracted huguenot refugees ? 
who sets the agenda for the eu 's work ? 
what network was designed by the french 
what type of arts flourished in the yuan ? 
how did vaudreuil react when johnson was seen as larger threat ? 
what variable is associated with all problems solved within logarithmic space ? 
what is the purpose of the aser ? 
how many extended metropolitan areas are there ? 
what was the the movement called that brought baltic countries independence from the soviet union ? 
what group operates st dominic 's college in wanganui ? 
one country 's authority over a number of others would constitute the original country as what ? 
what is nsfnet 
how long does it take for the effects to manifest as changes to economic growth ? 
what was the idealized value of imperialism ? 
what are some of scientists arguments ? 
how many private schools existed in new zealand in april 2014 ? 
when were these settlers naturalized as english colonists ? 
when was the paper published that the `` millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction '' graph was based on ? 
what are the agents detected by the immune system called ? 
what kind of deprivation results in diminished immune response and lower antibody production ? 
in 1755 what fort did british capture ? 
how great were the losses suffered in the the financial crisis of 2008-09 to harvard endowment ? 
who is usually working together ? 
what measure of a computational problem broadly defines the inherent difficulty of the solution ? 
who was the founder of the oracle corporation ? 
who wrote of the savery water pump in 1751 's philosophical transactions ? 
what is the present-day location of this church ? 
in which direction does most of the wind in fresno originate from ? 
what type of hermaphrodite produces egg and sperm at different times ? 
what does warszawa mean in polish ? 
in what districts are the registration numbers for cars all of the same type ? 
school desegregation in the united states led to an increased number of students of what ethnicity in public schools ? 
in what calcium containing body part is oxygen a part ? 
what is the name of another compelling continuation of the fermat primality test ? 
who created an index of health and social problems ? 
what textile industry did the huguenots contribute to in ireland ? 
who did dinwiddie order to address french in virginia territory ? 
what percentile of gross domestic product is construction comprised of ? 
what provided much of the basis for the structure of the parliament in 1995 ? 
when is the wianki festival held ? 
who designed the scottish parliament building ? 
to ensure safety of future space missions oxygen was used at _____ of the normal pressure . 
who may members direct questions towards during general question time ? 
what is a twin prime ? 
french church street is in what irish town ? 
what nationality are researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett ? 
some chinese considered the yuan a legitimate dynasty , but what did other chinese think it was ? 
when did syria and egypt launch a surprise attack on israel ? 
first published by sir charles lyell in 1830 this book was called what ? 
the yuan was the first time all of china was ruled by whom ? 
what is the force between nucleons ? 
some theories argue that civil disobedience is justified in regard to ? 
what is the most snow fresno has ever had ? 
what is an examine of work that a centrifugal governor-equipped steam engine was n't suitable for ? 
what does mnemiopsis eat ? 
what are internet pharmacies also called ? 
how many catholic schools were in victoria ? 
who increased british military resources in colonies ? 
how did the 2001 ipcc report compare to reality for 2001-2006 ? 
what was henry iv known as before taking the throne ? 
from 1947 to 1967 , how much did the price of oil increase ? 
how long after a banquet with tugh temur did kusala die ? 
what is the name of the river that is completely contained inside jacksonville ? 
why was the merit network formed in michigan 
what profession was nathan alterman ? 
who decides who gets to address the members of parliament to share their thoughts on issues of faith ? 
where did moncalm slip away to attack , left largely unprotected ? 
what is ppp ? 
what school was walter camp a captain for the football team ? 
who presents different ideas about how to accomplish goals ? 
what is the repulsive force of close range atom interaction ? 
is it easier or harder to change eu law than stay the same ? 
which part of china had people ranked higher in the class system ? 
where does khomeini 's beliefs fall as compared to mawdudi and qutb ? 
what is the final stage of a bill in the scottish parliament ? 
what entity owns v/line ? 
where does southern california 's megalopolis standard in terms of population nationwide ? 
if there is a conflict between eu law and national law , which law take precedence ? 
what principle highlights the significance of primes in number theory 
how many people , at most , have died of plague in baghdad ? 
what society founded the university of chicago ? 
invertebrates do not generate what type of cells that are a part of the vertebrate adaptive immune system ? 
what were the three parts of kublai 's government ? 
in autoimmune disorders , the immune system does n't distinguish between what types of cells ? 
what animals does the vistula river 's ecosystem include ? 
what are the three sectors of construction ? 
what was the objective of royal proclamation of 1763 ? 
what type of space in warsaw are the botanic garden and university library garden ? 
what was the white population of jacksonville as of 2010 ? 
who provided a philosophical discussion of force ? 
what is the force between two locations related to ? 
which part of the immune system protects the brain ? 
what two things does pharmacy informatics bring together ? 
what does motion at a constant velocity equal ? 
stephen eilmann asks why show public civil disobedience instead what is a better idea ? 
what percentage of total financial aid for undergraduates from harvard was in the form of grants ? 
what introduces inequality to a country ? 
how many people would die of plague in largely populated cities ? 
who often operates internet pharmacies ? 
when was the british east india company established ? 
what was the population of the dutch republic before this emigration ? 
does bskyb carry any control over the picture quality of a channel ? 
who sold the upper rhine to burgundy ? 
what is the magnitude of force divided by when external force is added ? 
where did kublai extend the grand canal to ? 
how many rooms does the warsaw historical museum have ? 
what type of government investigations apply to civil disobedience ? 
the atomic number of the periodic table for oxygen ? 
what other topics can civil disobedience pertain to ? 
what is the term for an indian private school ? 
what did iqbal 's allahabad address inspire ? 
what did the bankamericard allow customers do to that they could n't do with previous financial instruments ? 
what is the estimate for the amount of tree species in the amazon tropical rain forest ? 
what did microsoft announce that it would rename sky drive to ? 
how long is the section of the rhine near chur ? 
what is one problem with internet pharmacies ? 
classification of resources is contingent on determining the upper and lower bounds of minimum time required by what ? 
what are some causes of reduced immune function in developed countries ? 
who stated a change of the length of the rhine ? 
to calculate instant angular acceleration of a rigid body what would you use ? 
what theorem defines the main role of primes in number theory ? 
what is the common coastal pleurobrachia called ? 
how much gun powder was destroyed in attack ? 
what does the nederrikn 's name change into ? 
what is the name of the latin translation of dioscorides ' book ? 
what do extremely unequal societies tend to be ? 
what were the native inhabitants of australia called ? 
how long might a speaker address the members during the time of reflection ? 
what treaty ended the wars of religion ? 
the mark of anarchy was written to protest against what ? 
what type of civil war was fought between political and tribal warlords ? 
which laws mentioned predate eu law ? 
why should one not go to jail ? 
what encoding decision needs to be made in order to determine an exact definition of the formal language ? 
when did the north american french and indian war end ? 
what do some theories claim about civil disobedience ? 
where are international corporations headquartered ? 
where are the gonads located ? 
what did the salafi movement put emphasis on ? 
how did the islamic group 's campaign to overthrow the government turn out ? 
what complex measurements were defined by `` on the computational complexity of algorithms '' ? 
what is the paper written by richard karp in 1972 that ushered in a new era of understanding between intractability and np-complete problems ? 
what year did the the case go before the supreme court ? 
what is the jelly-like susbtance called ? 
about how much did a new york city day school cost annually in 2012 ? 
what do ctenophores have that no other animals have ? 
different committees have what set out in different ways ? 
what type of steam engine produces most electricity in the world today ? 
who did abercrombie replace as commander in chief ? 
what did the conflict galvanize muslims around the world to do ? 
how did celeron handle business on trip ? 
in what compound is oxygen part of a ring arrangement ? 
what did kublai 's government have to balance between ? 
what did davies call the system 
the edict protected catholics by discouraging what ? 
where is galaxy public school located ? 
what did the civil war leave the state of afghanistan 's economy in ? 
how many refugees emigrated to the dutch republic ? 
what responses protect the lungs by mechanically ejecting pathogens from the respiratory system ? 
what conflicts did the ozone mitigation reduce ? 
in what sort of places are dry cooling towers used ? 
the university 's center in beijing is located next to what school 's campus ? 
what is name of the function used for the largest integer not greater than the number in question ? 
how much water does the aare give to the rhine ? 
who disliked the affiliate program ? 
how many legions in five bases were along the rhine by the romans ? 
what unit is measured to determine circuit complexity ? 
given the strength of french forces at louisbourg , what did loudoun do ? 
what did decnet originally do 
what was the ideal duty of a newcomen engine ? 
in what year will the barack obama presidential center be finished ? 
what was the name of the legislation passed in 1850 ? 
when did the general sejm make warsaw it 's permanent seat ? 
of what form are sophie germain primes ? 
what type of surveys show the location of stratigraphic units in the subsurface ? 
where was halford mackinder born ? 
what did basset analyze before coming to his conclusions ? 
which khanates had converted to islam ? 
what is a term for the reversing of steam flow in a piston engine after each stroke ? 
what are the sky q mini set top boxes able to connect to ? 
what did graham twigg publish in 1984 ? 
in what year was the first commercial steam powered device invented ? 
when did mongke khan die ? 
what was the importance of the congress ? 
why did the european nations and japan separated themselves from united states during the crisis ? 
what is the bad air theory officially known as ? 
in what types of organisms did the adaptive immune system first evolve ? 
when was the european convention on human rights established ? 
what area in modern-day canada received huguenot immigrants ? 
what was ntl telewest re-branded to in 2007 ? 
what is an additional meaning intended when the word prime is used ? 
what is the name of a uniflow engine that takes in steam in hot areas and exhausts it in cold ? 
what does ozone 's characteristic to cause damage effect ? 
which direction did romans use to drift through the rhine ? 
how many electorates does the state of victoria have ? 
how many of the richest 400 americans grew up in substantial privilege ? 
what is one way in which graphs can be encoded ? 
what year was casimir pulaski born in warsaw ? 
upon what chemical characteristic is oxygen 's solubility dependent ? 
when did bskyb end their analogue service ? 
what did article 12 of the allied armistice terms require germany to withdraw from ? 
what impact did this loss have on abercrombie ? 
what served as a justification for imposing imperialistic policies on certain peoples or regions ? 
how much of a difference in homicide rates are related to inequality ? 
where does the rhine river 's measurement end ? 
what is used to estimate emissions ? 
who did the han chinese want to help the mongols fight ? 
what is the theory that this king 's name is the origin of `` huguenot '' called ? 
in 2009 what was the total of grants awarded from harvard ? 
the flushing action of what expels pathogens from the eyes ? 
southern california 's economy can be described as one of the largest in the united states and what other characteristic ? 
what is the foundation for separation results within complexity classes ? 
what two scientists were proponents of the humoral theory of immunity ? 
petrologists identify rock samples in the field and where else ? 
what has the lower rainfall in the amazon during the lgm been attributed to ? 
on what date was oxygen liquefied in a stable form ? 
the immune systems of bacteria have enzymes that protect against infection by what kind of cells ? 
what microsoft ceo is also an alumni of the university of chicago ? 
who was chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations ? 
what does the wg i summary for policymakers report say human activities are doing to greenhouse gases ? 
what person helped establish the school with a donation ? 
what is the name associated with the eight areas that make up a part of southern california ? 
what did industry do to the rhine until the 1980s ? 
how much higher was the rate of deforestation in 2000 , to 2005 compared to 1995 to 2000 ? 
when did the jin dynasty end ? 
what is the weight of a bushel of coal in pounds ? 
in an atmospheric engine , what does air pressure push against ? 
time and space are both examples of what type of resource ? 
what are the siouan-speaking tribes ? 
what is the scientific designation of oxygen ? 
what must the integer m be less than or equal to when performing trial division ? 
what does the first company law directive article 11 require ? 
what position in the government does robert gates hold ? 
where were the lambing flat riots ? 
who was boleslaw ii of masovia ? 
when was the basis for the social chapter developed ? 
when did british government give land for development of ohio country ? 
what are pharmacists in the united kingdom being increasingly paid for ? 
what kind of disorders occur when part of the immune system is n't active ? 
what king and former huguenot looked out for the welfare of the group ? 
what type of cells engulf or eat pathogens and foreign particles ? 
germany referred to which area more so than an actual country ? 
when was the heatwave in which hopetoun recorded its highest temperature ? 
what was the civil disobedience performed at the test site ? 
who matters the most for economic growth ? 
which group benefited from the funds distributed by the religious charity , al-haramain foundation ? 
what was the name of the imperialistic policy in china ? 
what cells are the second arm of the innate immune system ? 
the bank of america tower was previously known as what ? 
what is the temperature in the highest portion of the mountain range in winter ? 
what area in south africa accepted huguenot colonists ? 
what are one of the key cell types of the adaptive immune system ? 
what grew on a global scale as a result of imperialism ? 
what 3 things does the air force work key on 
what article of the grundgesetz grants the right to make private schools ? 
what chemist showed that fire needed only a part of air ? 
which provinces in canada limit the rights of pharmacists in prescribing ? 
imperialism often divides countries by using which technique ? 
what river separates jacksonville ? 
how is circuit switching allocated 
whose role is to design the works , prepare the specifications and produce construction drawings , administer the contract , tender the works , and manage the works from inception to completion 
what city is the capital of victoria ? 
what gene is responsible for converting calcidiol into calcitriol ? 
what type of number generators make use of prime numbers ? 
who had kublai wanted to succeed him ? 
what is the name of the post-independence government school system in malaysia ? 
the house of the baryczko merchant family is a notable example of what type of architecture ? 
what is another piece created by olivier messiaen ? 
where in warsaw are patriotic and political objects connected with poland 's struggles for independence found ? 
along with muslims , jews and protestant christians , what religious group notably operates private schools ? 
what is one of the reason that underdeveloped nations received aid from the oil income ? 
what else was used by pharmas ? 
what is the immune system of the brained known as ? 
where do juvenile platyctenids live ? 
what year was north america 's first printing press started ? 
what two railroads have railyards in the city of fresno ? 
what were the civil wars caused by the huguenots called ? 
what is the translation of the old north branch of rhe rhine ? 
the term huguenot was originally meant to confer ? 
how many provinces did the ottoman empire contain in the 17th century ? 
the inside of a ctenophore is lined with what ? 
what was the effect of the housing crash on the region ? 
what are presented to parliament in addition to the bill itself ? 
the traveling salesman problem is an example of what type of problem ? 
what was the name of the approved measure that helped cover the cost of major city projects ? 
what are three kinds of phagocytes ? 
in how many places is oxygen stored in its cycle ? 
which country used to rule california ? 
who started the ipcc trust fund ? 
in the 2009 commission v italy , case , the court of justice held that an italian low prohibiting what infringed article 34 ? 
near chur , which direction does the rhine turn ? 
what did standard & poor recommend to speed economy recovery ? 
what year is the earliest traces of the color crimson at harvard ? 
as of what year were 10000 horsepower engines available ? 
the university was a founding force behind what conference ? 
how many plant species make up the total in the rainforest ? 
what level of economic mobility does the u.s. economy have compared to european countries ? 
what is the term for closing off rivers that are no longer connected ? 
what was there a significant minority of in warsaw ? 
after the lisbon treaty , the charter and the convention now co-exist under what ? 
who is antigone 's father in the play ? 
what german general and fighter pilot was of huguenot ancestry ? 
when did menich serve as president ? 
the hungarians performed this civil disobedience under the direction of what person ? 
which timeline is further expanded in the fourth scale ? 
the rate of clearing of forest from 2000 to 2005 was how many square miles per year ? 
other than 7 and 13 , what other year interval do cicadas pupate ? 
in what treatment are nonconservative and conservative forces described ? 
what was the fort that was being built to be named ? 
survival needs such as income for food and shelter motivates what type of entrepreneurship ? 
who had the idea of a natural state for objects at rest ? 
what school model is sweden notable for ? 
in the definition based off the mountain range , which region would the desert portions of north los angeles county be included in ? 
how are the rates of social goods in countries with higher inequality ? 
geographically speaking , where is california 's north - south midway point in terms of latitude ? 
what was the primary race of students attending christian academies after the brown decision ? 
when was the polish-bolshevik war fought ? 
what components raise steam temperature above its saturated vapor point ? 
what term corresponds to the maximum measurement of time across all functions of n ? 
what was fort caroline renamed to after the spanish attack ? 
what did the rhine branch off to form in austria ? 
health problems were lower in places with higher levels of what ? 
what satellite was used when sky digital was launched ? 
what was the goal of congress ? 
inequality in the presence of credit market imperfections has what kind of effect on human capital formation ? 
what did s & p recommend to somewhat remedy the wealth gap ? 
what did the ipcc say was mistaken ? 
how did the rhine extend watershed southward ? 
how many prime numbers exist ? 
what is the increased rates of self-employment based on ? 
what is the height of the section that turns north ? 
what were later yuan emperors disinterested in ? 
what type of civil disobedience is commonly accepted ? 
what completed the triad 
which court is the highest court in the european union ? 
how much success did this expedition with braddock find ? 
the west saw themselves as what compared to the east ? 
what is the name of the pulitzer prize novelist who was also a university alumni ? 
what is the conventional method to measure the rhine ? 
what were huguenots who stayed in france eventually known as ? 
what is another name for state route 168 ? 
what happened to the rate of deforestation in the amazon region of brazil between 2004 and 2014 ? 
issues dealt with at westminster are not ones who is able to deal with ? 
gamma delta t cells have a different version of what receptor ? 
what pathway that plays a role in immune response to viruses is present in all eukaryotes ? 
what organization did iqbal join in london ? 
in what century was quantum mechanics made ? 
what property of the harmonic series 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 + ... shows that there is an infinite number of primes ? 
what have the treaties sought to enable since its foundation ? 
what organization was led by hasan al-hudaybi ? 
who wrote about the great pestilence in 1893 ? 
which noble helped establish the huguenot settlement in saarland ? 
which hall was used as parliament 's principle committee room ? 
what do some community pharmacies do ? 
what is the name of matters outside the legislative ability of the scottish parliament ? 
what is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure ? 
in what type of ring can prime ideals be used for validating quadratic reciprocity ? 
what can be considered as a function of market price of skill ? 
what did thoreau ask a public figure the taxman to do ? 
what do rules about conflict of interest involving doctors diagnosing patients resemble ? 
when was the parental leave directive created ? 
what country currently has a group who call themselves huguenots ? 
what feature will enrich the the pedestrian friendly environment after restoration ? 
the perceived british policy of being hands off of its muslim population has resulted in what derogatory term for london ? 
what kind of t cells kill cells that are infected with pathogens ? 
by decreasing resistance to blood flow in the lungs , what organ 's workload can be eased ? 
who did a pressurized oxygen cabin fire kill ? 
when did zhu publish 'jade mirror of the four unknowns ' ? 
how many farms are there in victoria ? 
when were the talks held for braodcast right to the primier league for a five year period from the 1992 season ? 
besides 1,3 and 7 , what other number must all primes greater than 5 end with ? 
what were the conditions for miners in the gold fields in victoria ? 
when were the french wars of religion ? 
after what higher learning model was the school designed ? 
the rhine forms an inland delta into which lake ? 
which group has two layers of cells with a middle layer of mesoglea ? 
the french church in portarlington was built when ? 
what two resources commonly consumed by alternate models are typically known to vary ? 
tumor antigens are complexed with mhc class i molecules in the same way as what antigens ? 
how much of the global wealth will the wealthiest 1 percent own by 2016 ? 
what rule did some native live under ? 
what celestial object eluded efforts to measure oxygen ? 
how many successors of kublai was toghun the last of ? 
what was causing new france to have issues with resupplying ? 
in which year did the newspaper define southern california ? 
when was the imperial library directorate established ? 
what two fields of theoretical computer science closely mirror computational complexity theory ? 
according to the princeton review where has harvard ranked as a `` dream college '' in 2013 
who is the author of the book , `` knowledge and decisions '' ? 
what should be avoided when talking to authorities ? 
what phenomenon has led to criticism ? 
who defines what constitutes a patient-doctor relationship ? 
in a 4-cylinder compound engine , what degree were the individual pistons balanced at ? 
when forces are acting on an extended body , what do you need to account for motion effects ? 
what part of the innate immune system identifies microbes and triggers immune response ? 
what do tribes use google earth and gps for ? 
what type of algorithm is trial division ? 
what is a kind of defense response that makes the entire plant resistant to a particular agent ? 
what equates to a squared integer according to polynomial time reduction ? 
what type of ideals generalize prime elements ? 
what event happened 66 million years ago ? 
who invented the notion of a steam engine 's duty ? 
though trained as a lawyer , what profession did maududi pursue instead ? 
which type of law makes eu institutions and its member states follow the law ? 
how much of the lake connecting with the rhine can you see from the german islands ? 
when was the european communities act created ? 
how can the deposition of compliment kill invader cells directly ? 
when were theories developed suggesting inequality may have some positive effect on economic development ? 
what is the position of the satellite that allowed sky to broadcast channels almost elclusively for the united kingdom ? 
what was the attack on the british weakness ? 
how many vice presidents are on the student board ? 
how long since it 's been that geoglyphs were first discovered on deforested land ? 
excessive bureaucratic red tape is one of the reasons for what type of ownership ? 
what caused the spread of the jacksonville fire in 1901 ? 
in what year was the corliss engine patented ? 
which county is developing its business center ? 
what is the power-to-weight ratio of a steam plant compared to that of an internal combustion engine ? 
what is consultant pharmacy mainly concerned with ? 
what can increase the tension force on a load ? 
what mechanism moves coal from a bunker to the firebox ? 
what substance is used to make high quality liquid o2 ? 
how many muslims are in greater london ? 
what process do moderate and reformist islamists work within the boundaries of ? 
what two member nations of the holy roman empire received huguenot refugees ? 
what was invented in 1880 that revolutionized warfare ? 
over 100 egyptian police were victims of what group 's campaign of terror ? 
what serves as a biological barrier by competing for space and food in the gi tract ? 
where was montcalm focusing the defense for new france ? 
how many did this epidemic in china kill ? 
what did gasquet think the plague was ? 
when did the so called gentlemen 's agreement between sadat and the islamists break down ? 
who were exempt from the ministry of justice ? 
what type of t cells help with both innnate and adaptive immunity ? 
what are colonial powers blamed for ? 
what type of bat that lives in the amazon rainforest can spread rabies ? 
do adults or juveniles secretions luminesce brighter ? 
what un organizations established the ipcc ? 
thomas de maiziere serves what role in the german cabinet ? 
constitutional impasse is different from civil disobedience because does not include what type of person ? 
when was this edict declared ? 
who first showed that newton 's theory of gravity was not as correct as another theory ? 
who does the statue of little insurgent commemorate ? 
what equation currently decribes the physics of force . 
what did the warsaw confederation formally establish in 1573 ? 
what ended turkish imperial ambitions ? 
what kind of university is the university of chicago ? 
what was believed to be the cause of devastation to the civilization ? 
what is the name of the professional skateboarder that lives in southern california ? 
the legislative competence of the parliament species what areas ? 
according to the theory , what does the name `` huguenot '' mean ? 
what are the total number of votes to be counted during the voting process ? 
what was the black death originally blamed on ? 
what is the most distinctive feature of ctenophora ? 
what does the bolinopsis generally eat ? 
what does ctenophora mean in greek ? 
what did electromagnetic theory finally lead to ? 
what diagrams are used to simplify particle interactions on a fundamental level ? 
what has given the american economy a tendency to go `` from bubble to bubble '' ? 
how many residents of seville died of plague in 1649 ? 
what is the central business district of san diego ? 
who is the current governor of victoria ? 
what is the fee range for accessing bskyb 's epg ? 
when did sky launch a tv advertising campaign target towards women ? 
how long does it take for new areas to have significant oil production ? 
as a euphoric how is oxygen used in bars ? 
why might a physician diagnose a large number of conditions ? 
which species are ribbon-shaped planktonic animals ? 
what session is the scottish parliament in ? 
what year was the university 's first president given his position ? 
what was the name of the leader through the great depression and world war ii ? 
what are the ties that best described what the `` eight counties '' are based on ? 
what is the seating arrangement of the debating chamber ? 
when did the huguenots secure the right to own land in the baronies ? 
what symbol was employed until early in the 20th century ? 
what is the metric they use to determine how busy airports are ? 
what aspect of western medicine did the chinese dislike ? 
what other business district does orange county envelop outside of downtown santa ana and newport center ? 
where did french fur trappers travel ? 
what public entity of learning is often target of civil disobedience ? 
what has the infrastructure done a lot of over the past years ? 
how do the yes/no answers of a complement problem of np appear ? 
what channels were removed from the network in march of 2007 ? 
compared to smeaton 's improvement on newcomen 's engine , how much coal did watt 's engine use ? 
what additional srevice did bskyb offer besides hd channels that they claimed offered `` substantially more value '' ? 
what french city was new rochelle named after ? 
which country did japan force into an alliance ? 
how many courses must undergraduates maintain for full time status ? 
what anthropologists are also university alumni members ? 
who ranked warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world ? 
what does the sieve of eratosthenes do ? 
which courts have a duty to interpret domestic law as far as possible ? 
what do the leaders of the opposition parties and other msps question the first minister about ? 
how many member states adopted the social charter in 1989 ? 
what was frensh military presence at start of war ? 
who discovered this and where did they come from ? 
what letter did washington present to saint-pierre ? 
what does the beroida have instead of feeding appendages ? 
in what cases can the eu not override german law ? 
evidence indicates that cydippids are not what ? 
the rhine and what other river drained the northern flanks of the alps ? 
what makes day length constant on earth ? 
what astronomers is also a university alumni member ? 
what was the name of the first building built on campus grounds ? 
after reopening , where will the art pieces be located after restoration ? 
what tax rate has a direct relationship with income inequality ? 
the kuznets curve says with economic development , inequality will decrease after what ? 
what is another term for university-preparatory schools ? 
which senator was a strong advocate for the pico act ? 
in the wake of the jacksonville fire , what did the florida governor do ? 
humans in tropical environments were considered what ? 